difficulty dɪfɪkʌltɩ
prospect prɑspεkt
painted pϵntɪd
audio ɑdɩo
childhood ʧildhɜd
sending sεndɪŋ
tiny tinɩ
assistance ʌsɪstʌns
islamic ɪzlɑmɪk
extension ɪkstεnʃʌn
hello hεlo
fact fækt
started stɑrtɪd
passion pæʃʌn
sales sϵlz
league lɩg
schedule skεjul
chef ʃεf
texts tεksts
listened lɪsʌnd
gray grϵ
which wɪʧ
chris krɪs
distance dɪstʌns
stability stʌbɪlɪtɩ
associate ʌsoʃɩʌt
sword sɔrd
heavy hεvɩ
cruise kruz
corp kɔrp
provide prʌvid
confident kɑnfʌdʌnt
poor pur
mouth mʊθ
rick rɪk
examination ɪgzæmʌnϵʃʌn
weekend wɩkεnd
failing fϵlɪŋ
materials mʌtɪrɩʌlz
stepped stεpt
treaty trɩtɩ
image ɪmʌj
aggressive ʌgrεsɪv
lessons lεsʌnz
invisible ɪnvɪzʌbʌl
bob bɑb
list lɪst
filled fɪld
lieutenant lutεnʌnt
adds ædz
gaza gɑzʌ
request rɪkwεst
object ɑbjεkt
errors εrʳz
gender jεndʳ
february fεbyʌwεrɩ
leg lεg
operate ɑpʳϵt
argument ɑrgyʌmʌnt
gear gɪr
greatly grϵtlɩ
limitations lɪmɪtϵʃʌnz
means mɩnz
girls gʳlz
show ʃo
meaning mɩnɪŋ
for fɔr
thirty θʳtɩ
throw θro
science siʌns
lincoln lɪŋkʌn
hospitals hɑspɪtʌlz
colleagues kɑlɩgz
criticism krɪtɪsɪzʌm
smaller smɔlʳ
jordan jɔrdʌn
regarding rɪgɑrdɪŋ
progress prɑgrεs
couples kʌpʌlz
corn kɔrn
apps æps
resource rɩsɔrs
named nϵmd
bag bæg
accounting ʌkʊntɪŋ
forget fʳgεt
improved ɪmpruvd
plane plϵn
loaded lodɪd
sleeping slɩpɪŋ
personality pʳsʌnælɪtɩ
da dɩϵ
scale skϵl
judge jʌj
arrived ʳivd
polls polz
business bɪznɪs
comic kɑmɪk
two tu
transformation trænsfʳmϵʃʌn
soldiers soljʳz
message mεsɪj
anger æŋgʳ
guards gɑrdz
serious sɪrɩʌs
younger yʌŋgʳ
anonymous ʌnɑnʌmʌs
rome rom
residents rεzɪdʌnts
turns tʳnz
tips tɪps
press prεs
happiness hæpɩnʌs
those ϑoz
card kɑrd
carefully kεrfʌlɩ
owe o
this ϑɪs
find find
confirm kʌnfʳm
use yuz
easier ɩzɩʳ
key kɩ
sean ʃɔn
hire hiʳ
features fɩʧʳz
forms fɔrmz
oven ʌvʌn
occasionally ʌkϵʒʌnʌlɩ
healthcare hεlθkεr
tall tɔl
climb klim
evaluate ɪvælyuϵt
mean mɩn
witness wɪtnʌs
yield yɩld
rate rϵt
supplies sʌpliz
vice vis
teen tɩn
beans bɩnz
large lɑrj
allowing ʌlʊɪŋ
slip slɪp
tobacco tʌbæko
declined dɪklind
formula fɔrmyʌlʌ
experience ɪkspɪrɩʌns
living lɪvɪŋ
obama obɑmʌ
ought ɔt
nfl εnεfεl
latin lætʌn
due du
result rɪzʌlt
billion bɪlyʌn
medium mɩdɩʌm
pen pεn
dollar dɑlʳ
publicly pʌblɪklɩ
land lænd
doctors dɑktʳz
includes ɪnkludz
thinks θɪŋks
q kyu
imagination ɪmæjʌnϵʃʌn
chances ʧænsɪz
literature lɪtʳʌʧʳ
roads rodz
switch swɪʧ
clubs klʌbz
rank ræŋk
refuse rɪfyuz
british brɪtɪʃ
physically fɪzɪklɩ
relief rɪlɩf
watch wɑʧ
bite bit
sarah sεrʌ
can kæn
history hɪstʳɩ
angry æŋgrɩ
denied dɪnid
drive driv
will wɪl
reserve rɪzʳv
temperature tεmprʌʧʳ
data dϵtʌ
computers kʌmpyutʳz
drew dru
goes goz
grade grϵd
storage stɔrɪj
library librεrɩ
observation ɑbzʳvϵʃʌn
reader rɩdʳ
christian krɪsʧʌn
regard rɪgɑrd
representing rεprɪzεntɪŋ
bigger bɪgʳ
farm fɑrm
block blɑk
fiscal fɪskʌl
note not
richard rɪʧʳd
cohen koʌn
lives lɪvz
apply ʌpli
speed spɩd
spread sprεd
businesses bɪznɪsɪz
ratio rϵʃɩo
streets strɩts
waves wϵvz
jr junyʳ
month mʌnθ
grateful grϵtfʌl
trapped træpt
explains ɪksplϵnz
smooth smuϑ
returning rɪtʳnɪŋ
mess mεs
los los
lab læb
races rϵsɪz
shift ʃɪft
supposed sʌpozd
generated jεnʳϵtɪd
congressman kɑŋgrʌsmʌn
demonstrate dεmʌnstrϵt
housing hʊzɪŋ
only onlɩ
getting gεtɪŋ
finish fɪnɪʃ
spin spɪn
agreement ʌgrɩmʌnt
depends dɪpεndz
opera ɑprʌ
go go
species spɩʃɩz
retail rɩtϵl
am æm
deserve dɪzʳv
mm m
olympic olɪmpɪk
arts ɑrts
put pɜt
seasons sɩzʌnz
seeds sɩdz
shared ʃεrd
negotiations nʌgoʃɩϵʃʌnz
sharing ʃεrɪŋ
tight tit
system sɪstʌm
weapons wεpʌnz
planet plænʌt
guest gεst
disappeared dɪsʌpɩrd
let lεt
canada kænʌdʌ
brave brϵv
confusion kʌnfyuʒʌn
assume ʌsum
base bϵs
lied lid
people pɩpʌl
attract ʌtrækt
properties prɑpʳtɩz
statistical stʌtɪstɪkʌl
plant plænt
presidency prεzʌdʌnsɩ
still stɪl
soldier soljʳ
letter lεtʳ
walked wɔkt
accounts ʌkʊnts
re rϵ
reports rɪpɔrts
driven drɪvʌn
nixon nɪksʌn
wants wɑnts
fingers fɪŋgʳz
islam ɪslɑm
divine dɪvin
cooperation koɑpʳϵʃʌn
motion moʃʌn
trump trʌmp
joe jo
lay lϵ
far fɑr
fuckin fʌkɪn
cities sɪtɩz
challenge ʧælʌnj
delivered dɪlɪvʳd
neither nɩϑʳ
tim tɪm
degrees dɪgrɩz
sister sɪstʳ
mistakes mɪstϵks
silence silʌns
where wεr
carl kɑrl
black blæk
build bɪld
aid ϵd
caused kɔzd
im ɪm
officials ʌfɪʃʌlz
ring rɪŋ
planned plænd
microsoft mikrosɔft
evolution εvoluʃʌn
regular rεgyʌlʳ
trials triʌlz
findings findɪŋz
hollywood hɑlɩwɜd
engaged εngϵjd
aspect æspεkt
sheets ʃɩts
generate jεnʳϵt
content kʌntεnt
balance bælʌns
birds bʳdz
profits prɑfɪts
problem prɑblʌm
speaking spɩkɪŋ
went wεnt
brooklyn brɜklɪn
refer rɪfʳ
conservatives kʌnsʳvʌtɪvz
move muv
pack pæk
long-term lɔŋtʳm
cable kϵbʌl
identify idεntʌfi
agency ϵjʌnsɩ
corporations kɔrpʳϵʃʌnz
dying diɪŋ
thanks θæŋks
ability ʌbɪlʌtɩ
internal ɪntʳnʌl
investments ɪnvεstmʌnts
laughing læfɪŋ
tree trɩ
interests ɪntrɪsts
id idɩ
respect rɪspεkt
reasons rɩzʌnz
somewhere sʌmwεr
ships ʃɪps
explosion ɪksploʒʌn
proposed prʌpozd
troops trups
cnn sɩεnεn
attention ʌtεnʃʌn
over ovʳ
reflection rɪflεkʃʌn
defending dɪfεndɪŋ
pointed pꭢntɪd
cigarette sɪgʳεt
club klʌb
developing dɪvεlʌpɪŋ
diagnosis diʌgnosʌs
fourth fɔrθ
gather gæϑʳ
god gɑd
iphone ifon
jon jɑn
anxiety æŋziʌtɩ
air εr
acting æktɪŋ
industry ɪndʌstrɩ
stopping stɑpɪŋ
surprisingly sʳprizɪŋlɩ
eye i
stairs stεrz
island ilʌnd
widely widlɩ
elizabeth ɪlɪzʌbɪθ
monitor mɑnʌtʳ
sidebar sidbɑr
carrying kærɩɪŋ
next nεkst
recorded rɪkɔrdɪd
application æplʌkϵʃʌn
centuries sεnʧʳɩz
commit kʌmɪt
develop dɪvεlʌp
examine ɪgzæmɪn
realized rɩʌlizd
described dɪskribd
understanding ʌndʳstændɪŋ
pool pul
badly bædlɩ
posted postɪd
face fϵs
ceiling sɩlɪŋ
moderate mɑdʳʌt
clinic klɪnɪk
rid rɪd
them ϑεm
informed ɪnfɔrmd
tour tɜr
present prεzʌnt
ours ʊrz
pop pɑp
pressure prεʃʳ
learned lʳnd
foot fɜt
king kɪŋ
passage pæsɪj
click klɪk
shadow ʃædo
atmosphere ætmʌsfɪr
wings wɪŋz
drinks drɪŋks
explain ɪksplϵn
architecture ɑrkʌtεkʧʳ
glass glæs
thrown θron
bottom bɑtʌm
damage dæmɪj
asked æskt
personnel pʳsʌnεl
tony tonɩ
should ʃɜd
till tɪl
appropriate ʌproprɩʌt
foster fɑstʳ
jump jʌmp
evaluation ɪvælyuϵʃʌn
groups grups
before bɩfɔr
narrative nærʌtɪv
combination kɑmbʌnϵʃʌn
height hit
stole stol
structure strʌkʧʳ
harvard hɑrvʳd
pressed prεst
script skrɪpt
but bʌt
knowledge nɑlɪj
distinct dɪstɪŋkt
pain pϵn
potatoes pʌtϵtoz
makes mϵks
bank bæŋk
guarantee gεrʌntɩ
noise nꭢz
strip strɪp
peak pɩk
struggled strʌgʌld
apart ʌpɑrt
paintings pϵntɪŋz
downtown dʊntʊn
possibly pɑsʌblɩ
curriculum kʳɪkyʌlʌm
muscles mʌsʌlz
presence prεzʌns
following fɑloɪŋ
kim kɪm
need nɩd
worker wʳkʳ
symptoms sɪmptʌmz
reporter rɪpɔrtʳ
vehicle vɩɪkʌl
divorce dɪvɔrs
extraordinary ɪkstrɔrdʌnεrɩ
reducing rɪdusɪŋ
controversy kɑntrʌvʳsɩ
himself hɪmsεlf
saying sϵɪŋ
wars wɔrz
mexico mεksʌko
consent kʌnsεnt
screening skrɩnɪŋ
tables tϵbʌlz
spiritual spɪrɪʧuʌl
underground ʌndʳgrʊnd
competing kʌmpɩtɪŋ
reaching rɩʧɪŋ
lean lɩn
leaves lɩvz
zone zon
commissioner kʌmɪʃʌnʳ
protected prʌtεktɪd
friendship frεndʃɪp
priest prɩst
settlement sεtʌlmʌnt
german jʳmʌn
liberty lɪbʳtɩ
y wi
hoped hopt
retirement rɪtiʳmʌnt
religion rɪlɪjʌn
economy ɪkɑnʌmɩ
accident æksʌdʌnt
code kod
followed fɑlod
incredibly ɪnkrεdʌblɩ
institutional ɪnstɪtuʃʌnʌl
iowa ioʌ
random rændʌm
readers rɩdʳz
parallel pεrʌlεl
suddenly sʌdʌnlɩ
electric ɪlεktrɪk
mortgage mɔrgɪj
connecticut kʌnεtʌkʌt
brazil brʌzɪl
victim vɪktɪm
review rɩvyu
speaks spɩks
citizens sɪtɪzʌnz
village vɪlɪj
stand stænd
demanding dɪmændɪŋ
order ɔrdʳ
boat bot
employer εmplꭢʳ
complicated kɑmplʌkϵtʌd
minute mɪnʌt
permanent pʳmʌnʌnt
state stϵt
concepts kɑnsεpts
nasa næsʌ
bowl bol
celebration sεlʌbrϵʃʌn
deadly dεdlɩ
reminds rɩmindz
sweet swɩt
sun sʌn
hiv ϵʧivɩ
officers ɔfɪsʳz
blues bluz
unknown ʌnnon
placed plϵst
speaker spɩkʳ
expected ɪkspεktɪd
article ɑrtɪkʌl
chuckles ʧʌkʌlz
charlie ʧɑrlɩ
rational ræʃʌnʌl
gay gϵ
societies sʌsiʌtɩz
joy jꭢ
menu mεnyu
part pɑrt
legacy lεgʌsɩ
balls bɔlz
loves lʌvz
allow ʌlʊ
birthday bʳθdϵ
bonds bɑndz
talented tælʌntɪd
running rʌnɪŋ
charlotte ʃɑrlʌt
piano pɩæno
going goɪŋ
time tim
define dɪfin
performance pʳfɔrmʌns
pointing pꭢntɪŋ
married mεrɩd
shelter ʃεltʳ
died did
enforcement εnfɔrsmʌnt
just jʌst
consumption kʌnsʌmpʃʌn
another ʌnʌϑʳ
city sɪtɩ
stronger strɔŋgʳ
institute ɪnstʌtut
l εl
plans plænz
heard hʳd
sessions sεʃʌnz
experienced ɪkspɪrɩʌnst
opportunities ɑpʳtunʌtɩz
apparent ʌpεrʌnt
whispered wɪspʳd
places plϵsɪz
creature krɩʧʳ
draw drɔ
test tεst
deserves dɪzʳvz
ice is
flight flit
pilot pilʌt
allies æliz
plastic plæstɪk
shoulders ʃoldʳz
same sϵm
definition dεfʌnɪʃʌn
mountains mʊntʌnz
facing fϵsɪŋ
producers prʌdusʳz
circles sʳkʌlz
including ɪnkludɪŋ
asleep ʌslɩp
sure ʃɜr
daughters dɔtʳz
via vɩʌ
lonely lonlɩ
english ɪŋglɪʃ
tools tulz
jose hozϵ
gravity grævɪtɩ
receive rɪsɩv
fairly fεrlɩ
olympics olɪmpɪks
took tɜk
holding holdɪŋ
ap ϵpɩ
advantage ædvæntɪj
commerce kɑmʳs
easily ɩzʌlɩ
difference dɪfʳʌns
contributions kɑntrʌbyuʃʌnz
dig dɪg
employees εmplꭢɩz
frank fræŋk
kept kεpt
walk wɔk
liberals lɪbʳʌlz
past pæst
jean jɩn
beast bɩst
closet klɑzʌt
paul pɔl
romney rɑmnɩ
gentle jεntʌl
climate klimɪt
arm ɑrm
kerry kεrɩ
responses rɪspɑnsɪz
minds mindz
pause pɔz
pretend prɩtεnd
shot ʃɑt
tired tiʳd
literary lɪtʳεrɩ
formed fɔrmd
laws lɔz
rent rεnt
universities yunʌvʳsʌtɩz
often ɔfʌn
skills skɪlz
november novεmbʳ
signing sinɪŋ
smith smɪθ
directors dɪrεktʳz
considered kʌnsɪdʳd
founded fʊndɪd
chaos kϵɑs
influence ɪnfluʌns
potential pʌtεnʃʌl
remove rɩmuv
subtle sʌtʌl
wondered wʌndʳd
criteria kritɪrɩʌ
laboratory læbrʌtɔrɩ
alive ʌliv
vehicles vɩɪkʌlz
chocolate ʧɔklʌt
immediately ɪmɩdɩʌtlɩ
money mʌnɩ
exact ɪgzækt
afraid ʌfrϵd
ignore ɪgnɔr
franklin fræŋklɪn
case kϵs
inspiration ɪnspʳϵʃʌn
ambassador æmbæsʌdʳ
o'reilly orilɩ
joined jꭢnd
seems sɩmz
walter wɔltʳ
enemy εnʌmɩ
mobile mobʌl
discussion dɪskʌʃʌn
resort rɪzɔrt
steady stεdɩ
complaints kʌmplϵnts
turner tʳnʳ
sky ski
claiming klϵmɪŋ
minority minɔrʌtɩ
attracted ʌtræktɪd
terrible tεrʌbʌl
combat kɑmbæt
encourage εnkʳɪj
fat fæt
supply sʌpli
ladies lϵdɩz
sounded sʊndɪd
holiday hɑlɪdϵ
burn bʳn
hiding hidɪŋ
folks foks
site sit
victor vɪktʳ
way wϵ
babies bϵbɩz
wednesday wεnzdϵ
ms mɪz
such sʌʧ
worst wʳst
she ʃɩ
writing ritɪŋ
russian rʌʃʌn
worry wʳɩ
value vælyu
usa yuεsϵ
baker bϵkʳ
tracking trækɪŋ
baking bϵkɪŋ
manhattan mænhætʌn
respond rɪspɑnd
painful pϵnfʌl
statement stϵtmʌnt
critics krɪtɪks
hear hɩr
laura lɔrʌ
temporary tεmpʳεrɩ
elite ɪlɩt
observe ʌbzʳv
scott skɑt
social soʃʌl
fiction fɪkʃʌn
trillion trɪlyʌn
pepper pεpʳ
beating bɩtɪŋ
automatically ɔtʌmætɪklɩ
mitchell mɪʧʌl
symbol sɪmbʌl
remember rɪmεmbʳ
nursing nʳsɪŋ
area εrɩʌ
electricity ɪlεktrɪsʌtɩ
entered εntʳd
buried bεrɩd
pro pro
three θrɩ
write rit
bye bi
alone ʌlon
down dʊn
ca sɩϵ
handsome hænsʌm
jet jεt
interaction ɪntʳækʃʌn
davis dϵvɪs
lee lɩ
porch pɔrʧ
reaches rɩʧɪz
kevin kεvɪn
men mεn
relationship rɩlϵʃʌnʃɪp
kinds kindz
see sɩ
largest lɑrjʌst
distinction dɪstɪŋkʃʌn
um ʌm
tons tʌnz
emotion ɩmoʃʌn
lowest loʌst
prince prɪns
though ϑo
elementary εlʌmεntrɩ
cast kæst
boys bꭢz
relative rεlʌtɪv
instant ɪnstʌnt
panel pænʌl
grandfather grændfɑϑʳ
compared kʌmpεrd
summer sʌmʳ
lower loʳ
struggling strʌgʌlɪŋ
look lɜk
finds findz
pleasant plεzʌnt
drops drɑps
james jϵmz
motor motʳ
sector sεktʳ
couple kʌpʌl
shows ʃoz
tip tɪp
position pʌzɪʃʌn
females fɩmϵlz
attacked ʌtækt
bar bɑr
mama mɑmʌ
warming wɔrmɪŋ
youth yuθ
responded rɪspɑndɪd
sites sits
clark klɑrk
containing kʌntϵnɪŋ
counsel kʊnsʌl
dawn dɔn
per pʳ
common kɑmʌn
recognition rεkʌgnɪʃʌn
analysis ʌnælɪsɪs
leave lɩv
many mεnɩ
somehow sʌmhʊ
miami miæmɩ
reality rɩælʌtɩ
lisa lɩsʌ
majority mʌjɔrʌtɩ
spaces spϵsɪz
implementation ɪmplʌmεntϵʃʌn
don dɑn
quick kwɪk
laid lϵd
spoke spok
chronic krɑnɪk
serves sʳvz
attend ʌtεnd
grace grϵs
aim ϵm
create krɩϵt
providers prʌvidʳz
radiation rϵdɩϵʃʌn
dinner dɪnʳ
necessary nεsʌsεrɩ
referred rɪfʳd
ph pɩϵʧ
west wεst
sound sʊnd
coast kost
african-american æfrʌkʌnʌmεrʌkʌn
kate kϵt
introduction ɪntrʌdʌkʃʌn
also ɔlso
kicked kɪkt
partners pɑrtnʳz
radio rϵdɩo
unable ʌnϵbʌl
woods wɜdz
role rol
whoever huεvʳ
plenty plεntɩ
depending dɪpεndɪŋ
obtain ʌbtϵn
remained rɪmϵnd
clock klɑk
adventure ædvεnʧʳ
boots buts
cutting kʌtɪŋ
saw sɔ
warning wɔrnɪŋ
stated stϵtɪd
shown ʃon
agreed ʌgrɩd
slowly slolɩ
fascinating fæsʌnϵtɪŋ
transfer trænsfʳ
gained gϵnd
various vεrɩʌs
technique tεknɩk
fill fɪl
jennifer jεnʌfʳ
gotten gɑtʌn
children ʧɪldrʌn
hmm hm
desperate dεsprɪt
democratic dεmʌkrætɪk
used yuzd
leather lεϑʳ
color kʌlʳ
stir stʳ
locked lɑkt
differences dɪfʳʌnsɪz
contains kʌntϵnz
modern mɑdʳn
nevertheless nεvʳϑʌlεs
roots ruts
mate mϵt
firms fʳmz
western wεstʳn
sept sεpt
into ɪntu
original ʳɪjʌnʌl
effectiveness ɪfεktɪvnʌs
christ krist
immediate ɪmɩdɩʌt
baby bϵbɩ
pushed pɜʃt
tournament tɜrnʌmʌnt
hitting hɪtɪŋ
skill skɪl
pot pɑt
directly dʳεktlɩ
happened hæpʌnd
son sʌn
buying biɪŋ
congress kɑŋgrʌs
prepared prɩpεrd
source sɔrs
covered kʌvʳd
dropped drɑpt
dave dϵv
trade trϵd
sacred sϵkrʌd
appear ʌpɪr
eight ϵt
in ɪn
maximum mæksʌmʌm
route rʊt
opposed ʌpozd
walker wɔkʳ
passes pæsɪz
performing pʳfɔrmɪŋ
rural rɜrʌl
heading hεdɪŋ
mrs mɪsɪz
cat kæt
memory mεmʳɩ
enterprise εntʳpriz
door dɔr
miss mɪs
establish ɪstæblɪʃ
antonio æntonɩo
maine mϵn
dry dri
guy gi
examined ɪgzæmʌnd
instruments ɪnstrʌmʌnts
dangerous dϵnjʳʌs
individuals ɪndʌvɪjʌwʌlz
taste tϵst
surprise sʳpriz
scheme skɩm
managers mænɪjʳz
particular pʳtɪkyʌlʳ
determined dɪtʳmʌnd
minister mɪnɪstʳ
powell pʊʌl
bin bɪn
ohio ohio
nba εnbɩϵ
touch tʌʧ
jake jϵk
cheese ʧɩz
captured kæpʧʳd
discrimination dɪskrɪmʌnϵʃʌn
most most
michael mikʌl
plate plϵt
boston bɔstʌn
processing prɑsεsɪŋ
sale sϵl
sits sɪts
tasks tæsks
told told
uk yukϵ
england ɪŋglʌnd
memorial mʌmɔrɩʌl
simon simʌn
association ʌsoʃɩϵʃʌn
place plϵs
therapy θεrʌpɩ
close klos
designer dɪzinʳ
stars stɑrz
of ʌv
succeed sʌksɩd
form fɔrm
em εm
opinion ʌpɪnyʌn
human hyumʌn
san sæn
women wɪmʌn
beat bɩt
property prɑpʳtɩ
expand ɪkspænd
searching sʳʧɪŋ
inevitable ɪnεvʌtʌbʌl
hook hɜk
brush brʌʃ
mask mæsk
educational εjyukϵʃʌnʌl
continuous kʌntɪnyuʌs
constitutional kɑnstʌtuʃʌnʌl
sight sit
coalition koʌlɪʃʌn
sunday sʌndϵ
scientists siʌntɪsts
assuming ʌsumɪŋ
trucks trʌks
bother bɑϑʳ
looked lɜkt
plates plϵts
station stϵʃʌn
awesome ɔsʌm
sue su
analysts ænʌlɪsts
thing θɪŋ
contribution kɑntrʌbyuʃʌn
feet fɩt
oh o
referring rɪfʳɪŋ
hiring hirɪŋ
contribute kʌntrɪbyut
deputy dεpyutɩ
russia rʌʃʌ
already ɔlrεdɩ
seemed sɩmd
thus ϑʌs
kind kind
update ʌpdϵt
warned wɔrnd
parents pεrʌnts
description dɪskrɪpʃʌn
deck dεk
lobby lɑbɩ
conscious kɑnʃʌs
patient pϵʃʌnt
prison prɪzʌn
restaurants rεstʳɑnts
murdered mʳdʳd
theory θɩʳɩ
project prɑjεkt
acquired ʌkwiʳd
member mεmbʳ
correspondent kɔrʌspɑndʌnt
walks wɔks
because bɪkʌz
fox fɑks
manage mænɪj
energy εnʳjɩ
expanding ɪkspændɪŋ
experiment ɪkspεrʌmʌnt
care kεr
fighting fitɪŋ
earned ʳnd
memories mεmʳɩz
fears fɪrz
aging ϵjɪŋ
equal ɩkwʌl
gathering gæϑʳɪŋ
traditions trʌdɪʃʌnz
vs vɩεs
constant kɑnstʌnt
goodbye gɜdbi
evidence εvʌdʌns
adopt ʌdɑpt
mind mind
writer ritʳ
inflation ɪnflϵʃʌn
stable stϵbʌl
ron rɑn
action ækʃʌn
movement muvmʌnt
metal mεtʌl
formal fɔrmʌl
jonathan jɑnʌθʌn
hill hɪl
cares kεrz
posts posts
choosing ʧuzɪŋ
decline dɪklin
medicare mεdʌkεr
abortion ʌbɔrʃʌn
institution ɪnstɪtuʃʌn
by bi
hide hid
favorite fϵvʳɪt
edition ɪdɪʃʌn
comment kɑmεnt
ship ʃɪp
nurses nʳsɪz
fruit frut
type tip
b bɩ
me mɩ
technologies tεknɑlʌjɩz
concerns kʌnsʳnz
website wεbsit
thinking θɪŋkɪŋ
performed pʳfɔrmd
integration ɪntʌgrϵʃʌn
fewer fyuʳ
civilization sɪvʌlɪzϵʃʌn
heaven hεvʌn
affairs ʌfεrz
competition kɑmpʌtɪʃʌn
contemporary kʌntεmpʳεrɩ
earnings ʳnɪŋz
cheap ʧɩp
josh jɑʃ
flower flʊʳ
remain rɪmϵn
jokes joks
striking strikɪŋ
years yɪrz
permission pʳmɪʃʌn
moreover mɔrovʳ
shocked ʃɑkt
nine nin
animals ænʌmʌlz
stretch strεʧ
fantastic fæntæstɪk
butter bʌtʳ
locations lokϵʃʌnz
extra εkstrʌ
investigation ɪnvεstʌgϵʃʌn
finally finʌlɩ
shadows ʃædoz
yourself yɔrsεlf
christopher krɪstʌfʳ
limit lɪmʌt
indicated ɪndʌkϵtɪd
glory glɔrɩ
messages mεsɪjɪz
activists æktɪvɪsts
apparently ʌpεrʌntlɩ
read rɩd
bond bɑnd
chosen ʧozʌn
faster fæstʳ
estate ɪstϵt
muslim mʌzlɪm
initially ɪnɪʃʌlɩ
putting pɜtɪŋ
divided dɪvidɪd
happy hæpɩ
tennessee tεnʌsɩ
relatively rεlʌtɪvlɩ
properly prɑpʳlɩ
holds holdz
uh-huh ʌhʌ
did dɪd
sought sɔt
flowers flʊʳz
greatest grϵtʌst
viewers vyuʳz
alice ælɪs
broke brok
course kɔrs
exit εgzɪt
courts kɔrts
guard gɑrd
males mϵlz
previous prɩvɩʌs
finger fɪŋgʳ
purpose pʳpʌs
impression ɪmprεʃʌn
violation viʌlϵʃʌn
copy kɑpɩ
paid pϵd
testimony tεstʌmonɩ
fees fɩz
blood blʌd
giving gɪvɪŋ
poverty pɑvʳtɩ
bankruptcy bæŋkrʌptsɩ
abc ϵbɩsɩ
laugh læf
crime krim
lifetime liftim
cute kyut
jerry jεrɩ
factors fæktʳz
importance ɪmpɔrtʌns
supported sʌpɔrtɪd
connections kʌnεkʃʌnz
cried krid
projects prɑjεkts
drinking drɪŋkɪŋ
exclusive ɪksklusɪv
gas gæs
cabinet kæbnʌt
limited lɪmɪtɪd
knock nɑk
sheet ʃɩt
spoken spokʌn
virginia vʳjɪnyʌ
began bɪgæn
interactions ɪntʳækʃʌnz
practices præktɪsɪz
bobby bɑbɩ
claim klϵm
judgment jʌjmʌnt
counting kʊntɪŋ
signal sɪgnʌl
jury jɜrɩ
regulation rεgyʌlϵʃʌn
ted tεd
photography fʌtɑgrʌfɩ
terry tεrɩ
hearts hɑrts
neighbor nϵbʳ
procedures prʌsɩjʳz
patients pϵʃʌnts
after æftʳ
background bækgrʊnd
eric εrɪk
improving ɪmpruvɪŋ
push pɜʃ
sustainable sʌstϵnʌbʌl
bench bεnʧ
connection kʌnεkʃʌn
store stɔr
competitive kʌmpεtɪtɪv
enjoyed εnjꭢd
coal kol
headed hεdɪd
lips lɪps
news nyuz
wedding wεdɪŋ
personal pʳsɪnʌl
saddam sʌdɑm
alright ɔlrit
demands dɪmændz
eyes iz
stress strεs
body bɑdɩ
take tϵk
agriculture ægrɪkʌlʧʳ
player plϵʳ
taxes tæksɪz
authors ɔθʳz
frustrated frʌstrϵtʌd
string strɪŋ
emotions ɩmoʃʌnz
client kliʌnt
encouraging εnkʳɪjɪŋ
last læst
correctly kʳεktlɩ
all ɔl
implications ɪmplʌkϵʃʌnz
it ɪt
ethics εθɪks
bus bʌs
pace pϵs
figured fɪgyʳd
programs progræmz
title titʌl
share ʃεr
quote kwot
invite ɪnvit
essence εsʌns
parent pεrʌnt
closest klosʌst
files filz
intention ɪntεnʧʌn
st sϵnt
visits vɪzɪts
wrapped ræpt
meal mɩl
civil sɪvʌl
creates krɩϵts
flavor flϵvʳ
journey jʳnɩ
paint pϵnt
gallery gælʳɩ
aug ɔgʌst
games gϵmz
protein protɩn
signed sind
reading rɩdɪŋ
within wɪθɪn
capitol kæpɪtʌl
pretty prɪtɩ
assistant ʌsɪstʌnt
approaches ʌproʧɪz
golden goldʌn
keep kɩp
official ʌfɪʃʌl
democrat dεmʌkræt
die di
starting stɑrtɪŋ
viewed vyud
intended ɪntεndɪd
rescue rεskyu
frequent frɩkwεnt
documentary dɑkyumεntʳɩ
nov nov
months mʌnθs
waited wϵtɪd
language læŋgwɪj
tech tεk
thick θɪk
volunteers vɑlʌntɪrz
elements εlʌmʌnts
importantly ɪmpɔrtʌntlɩ
published pʌblɪʃt
encounter ɪnkʊntʳ
fully fɜlɩ
written rɪtʌn
problems prɑblʌmz
bars bɑrz
affect ʌfεkt
totally totʌlɩ
weight wϵt
links lɪŋks
anne æn
journalist jʳnʌlɪst
party pɑrtɩ
noon nun
small smɔl
presidential prεzʌdεnʃʌl
food fud
tune tun
sin sɪn
ma mɑ
veterans vεtʳʌnz
country kʌntrɩ
brown brʊn
scholarship skɑlʳʃɪp
spirit spɪrɪt
brings brɪŋz
photographer fʌtɑgrʌfʳ
kingdom kɪŋdʌm
touched tʌʧt
goods gɜdz
myth mɪθ
encouraged εnkʳɪjd
douglas dʌglʌs
ourselves ʊʳsεlvz
design dɪzin
deer dɪr
guilt gɪlt
wildlife wildlif
gradually græjulɩ
civilian sʌvɪlyʌn
tremendous trʌmεndʌs
robin rɑbɪn
practice præktɪs
clients kliʌnts
furniture fʳnɪʧʳ
famous fϵmʌs
giant jiʌnt
pay pϵ
periods pɪrɩʌdz
burning bʳnɪŋ
couch kʊʧ
writes rits
forgotten fɔrgɑtʌn
claims klϵmz
provisions prʌvɪʒʌnz
model mɑdʌl
producer prʌdusʳ
senate sεnɪt
convince kʌnvɪns
national næʃʌnʌl
uncomfortable ʌnkʌmfʳtʌbʌl
hopefully hopfʌlɩ
section sεkʃʌn
frequently frɩkwεntlɩ
motivation motʌvϵʃʌn
reach rɩʧ
length lεŋkθ
drugs drʌgz
loved lʌvd
discipline dɪsʌplʌn
beliefs bɪlɩfs
lists lɪsts
around ʳʊnd
finished fɪnɪʃt
words wʳdz
changed ʧϵnjd
ma'am mæm
survival sʳvivʌl
complete kʌmplɩt
dead dεd
carried kærɩd
institutions ɪnstɪtuʃʌnz
focus fokʌs
killed kɪld
strategic strʌtɩjɪk
vital vitʌl
elsewhere εlswεr
mark mɑrk
noticed notʌst
tongue tʌŋ
lately lϵtlɩ
advertising ædvʳtizɪŋ
extremely εkstrɩmlɩ
capital kæpɪtʌl
transmission trænzmɪʃʌn
killing kɪlɪŋ
detailed dɪtϵld
countries kʌntrɩz
gently jεntlɩ
regarded rɪgɑrdɪd
conspiracy kʌnspɪrʌsɩ
admitted ʌdmɪtɪd
experiences ɪkspɪrɩʌnsɪz
jones jonz
devices dɪvisɪz
houston hyustʌn
markets mɑrkɪts
doctor dɑktʳ
crown krʊn
tennis tεnɪs
distribution dɪstrʌbyuʃʌn
reminded rɩmindɪd
art ɑrt
prominent prɑmʌnʌnt
tie ti
options ɑpʃʌnz
ingredients ɪngrɩdɩʌnts
ads ædz
lights lits
arab ærʌb
anyway εnɩwϵ
initial ɪnɪʃʌl
embrace εmbrϵs
cuts kʌts
trigger trɪgʳ
traditional trʌdɪʃʌnʌl
vast væst
survey sʳvϵ
mr mɪstʳ
lake lϵk
hurt hʳt
spectrum spεktrʌm
terms tʳmz
tap tæp
dollars dɑlʳz
notice notɪs
anymore εnɩmɔr
wage wϵj
goal gol
requiring rɩkwiʳɪŋ
assessment ʌsεsmʌnt
said sεd
cents sεnts
nations nϵʃʌnz
simpson sɪmpsʌn
illegal ɪlɩgʌl
occasional ʌkϵʒʌnʌl
teacher tɩʧʳ
daniel dænyʌl
somebody sʌmbʌdɩ
each ɩʧ
repeatedly rɪpɩtɪdlɩ
underlying ʌndʳliɪŋ
bell bεl
relax rɪlæks
became bɪkϵm
cultural kʌlʧʳʌl
located lokϵtʌd
funding fʌndɪŋ
woman wɜmʌn
launch lɔnʧ
settle sεtʌl
incredible ɪnkrεdʌbʌl
quit kwɪt
sees sɩz
twelve twεlv
industries ɪndʌstrɩz
coffee kɔfɩ
aspects æspεkts
neck nεk
helps hεlps
established ɪstæblɪʃt
springs sprɪŋz
gore gɔr
father fɑϑʳ
northern nɔrϑʳn
program progræm
atlanta ʌtlæntʌ
mixed mɪkst
environment ɪnvirʌnmʌnt
volunteer vɑlʌntɪr
governments gʌvʳnmʌnts
forth fɔrθ
run rʌn
ever εvʳ
cultures kʌlʧʳz
promising prɑmʌsɪŋ
london lʌndʌn
doing duɪŋ
needed nɩdɪd
between bɪtwɩn
covering kʌvʳɪŋ
so so
deficit dεfʌsʌt
admit ʌdmɪt
vacation vϵkϵʃʌn
requests rɪkwεsts
up ʌp
variables vεrɩʌbʌlz
manufacturing mænyʌfækʧʳɪŋ
pittsburgh pɪtsbʳg
coverage kʌvʳɪj
notion noʃʌn
someone sʌmwʌn
wear wεr
presented prɩzεntɪd
media mɩdɩʌ
assumed ʌsumd
gain gϵn
ten tεn
clip klɪp
arabia ʌrϵbɩʌ
cooper kupʳ
unlike ʌnlik
fig fɪg
do du
any εnɩ
indians ɪndɩʌnz
ahead ʌhεd
similarly sɪmʌlʳlɩ
eve ɩv
wins wɪnz
detroit dɪtrꭢt
allowed ʌlʊd
class klæs
secondary sεkʌndεrɩ
theme θɩm
speak spɩk
he hɩ
intent ɪntεnt
minutes mɪnʌts
checking ʧεkɪŋ
consciousness kɑnʃʌsnʌs
crying kriɪŋ
marine mʳɩn
poem poʌm
checks ʧεks
mode mod
dozen dʌzʌn
secrets sɩkrɪts
suppose sʌpoz
both boθ
waters wɔtʳz
agent ϵjʌnt
cookies kɜkɩz
instruction ɪnstrʌkʃʌn
courage kʳʌj
buddy bʌdɩ
scientist siʌntɪst
conducted kʌndʌktʌd
deal dɩl
bomb bɑm
license lisʌns
maryland mεrʌlʌnd
samples sæmpʌlz
tomorrow tumɑro
job jɑb
goals golz
registered rεjɪstʳd
essential εsεnʃʌl
through θru
consensus kʌnsεnsʌs
database dϵtʌbϵs
marketing mɑrkʌtɪŋ
impact ɪmpækt
largely lɑrjlɩ
presents prεzʌnts
jewish juɪʃ
hit hɪt
pocket pɑkʌt
think θɪŋk
long lɔŋ
pieces pɩsɪz
forced fɔrst
peer pɪr
released rɩlɩst
broken brokʌn
rising rizɪŋ
division dɪvɪʒʌn
murder mʳdʳ
unique yunɩk
refused rɪfyuzd
inc ɪŋk
young yʌŋ
output ʊtpɜt
extend ɪkstεnd
factor fæktʳ
abroad ʌbrɔd
stuck stʌk
ran ræn
yep yεp
could kɜd
chinese ʧinɩz
ryan riʌn
stopped stɑpt
sixth sɪksθ
ethical εθɪkʌl
adam ædʌm
fly fli
intellectual ɪntʌlεkʧuʌl
stranger strϵnjʳ
minor minʳ
dispute dɪspyut
corner kɔrnʳ
strength strεŋkθ
lucy lusɩ
charity ʧεrɪtɩ
sentence sεntʌns
service sʳvɪs
crack kræk
apologize ʌpɑlʌjiz
forward fɔrwʳd
international ɪntʳnæʃʌnʌl
acid æsʌd
asian ϵʒʌn
committee kʌmɪtɩ
generations jεnʳϵʃʌnz
differently dɪfrʌntlɩ
river rɪvʳ
hillary hɪlʳɩ
lesson lεsʌn
jazz jæz
organization ɔrgʌnʌzϵʃʌn
failed fϵld
loose lus
seeing sɩɪŋ
connected kʌnεktɪd
convention kʌnvεnʃʌn
figure fɪgyʳ
domain domϵn
plain plϵn
basic bϵsɪk
seemingly sɩmɪŋlɩ
sooner sunʳ
assumption ʌsʌmpʃʌn
photograph fotʌgræf
francis frænsɪs
smiling smilɪŋ
smoking smokɪŋ
total totʌl
approach ʌproʧ
bishop bɪʃʌp
benefits bεnʌfɪts
intelligent ɪntεlʌjʌnt
decent dɩsʌnt
issued ɪʃud
m εm
manual mænyuʌl
process prɑsεs
repeat rɪpɩt
were wʳ
expectations εkspεktϵʃʌnz
noted notɪd
home hom
mexican mεksʌkʌn
awake ʌwϵk
stuff stʌf
existing ɪgzɪstɪŋ
boss bɔs
anyone εnɩwʌn
period pɪrɩʌd
announcement ʌnʊnsmεnt
campus kæmpʌs
reference rεfrʌns
shell ʃεl
epa ɩpɩϵ
not nɑt
wheel wɩl
investigators ɪnvεstʌgϵtʳz
harbor hɑrbʳ
karen kεrʌn
logic lɑjɪk
ended εndɪd
recent rɩsʌnt
truly trulɩ
graduate græjuwʌt
born bɔrn
beings bɩɪŋz
enormous ɪnɔrmʌs
top tɑp
activities æktɪvɪtɩz
pulled pɜld
communities kʌmyunɪtɩz
ago ʌgo
correct kʳεkt
reaction rɩækʃʌn
ass æs
voices vꭢsɪz
innovation ɪnovϵʃʌn
best bεst
liked likt
principle prɪnsʌpʌl
psychological sikʌlɑjɪkʌl
reduced rɪdust
nonetheless nʌnϑʌlεs
ancient ϵnʧʌnt
debates dʌbϵts
alabama ælʌbæmʌ
entitled εntitʌld
introduced ɪntrodust
package pækɪj
team tɩm
editorial εdʌtɔrɩʌl
fate fϵt
numerous numʳʌs
friday fridϵ
outcome ʊtkʌm
realize rɩʌliz
straight strϵt
cost kɔst
kill kɪl
win wɪn
co ko
injured ɪnjʳd
baghdad bægdæd
fundamental fʌndʌmεntʌl
craig krϵg
rev rεv
transportation trænspʳtϵʃʌn
the ϑʌ
cleaning klɩnɪŋ
creatures krɩʧʳz
annie ænɩ
bills bɪlz
defined dɪfind
lift lɪft
less lεs
except ɪksεpt
teachers tɩʧʳz
integrity ɪntεgrɪtɩ
yeah yæ
rock rɑk
select sʌlεkt
slavery slϵvʳɩ
initiative ɪnɪʃʌtɪv
ideal idɩl
person pʳsʌn
defend dɪfεnd
accepted ʌksεptɪd
classic klæsɪk
falls fɔlz
transport trænspɔrt
families fæmʌlɩz
shops ʃɑps
excuse ɪkskyus
july jʌli
average ævrɪj
typical tɪpɪkʌl
c sɩ
ceremony sεrʌmonɩ
engineers εnjʌnɪrz
election ɪlεkʃʌn
excitement ɪksitmʌnt
sam sæm
yes yεs
resident rεzɪdʌnt
question kwεsʧʌn
on ɑn
location lokϵʃʌn
marriage mεrɪj
advocates ædvʌkϵts
beside bɪsid
ate ϵt
winds windz
bitter bɪtʳ
pet pεt
absence æbsʌns
got gɑt
based bϵst
passed pæst
range rϵnj
detective dɪtεktɪv
contained kʌntϵnd
versions vʳʒʌnz
graham græm
one wʌn
argued ɑrgyud
taylor tϵlʳ
if ɪf
resolve rɩzɑlv
wonder wʌndʳ
my mi
threats θrεts
steel stɩl
responsibility rɩspɑnsʌbɪlʌtɩ
israel ɪzrɩʌl
added ædɪd
ticket tɪkɪt
toilet tꭢlʌt
numbers nʌmbʳz
trends trεndz
bears bεrz
music myuzɪk
solar solʳ
s εs
hated hϵtɪd
knife nif
lived livd
involvement ɪnvɑlvmʌnt
purposes pʳpʌsɪz
threatened θrεtʌnd
unemployment ʌnɪmplꭢmʌnt
mayor mϵʳ
certainly sʳtʌnlɩ
loading lodɪŋ
bull bɜl
try tri
wealthy wεlθɩ
functions fʌŋkʃʌnz
obtained ʌbtϵnd
midnight mɪdnit
august ɔgʌst
enjoying εnjꭢɪŋ
alarm ʌlɑrm
attempting ʌtεmptɪŋ
dedicated dεdʌkϵtʌd
local lokʌl
complaint kʌmplϵnt
names nϵmz
inside ɪnsid
maintain mϵntϵn
travel trævʌl
world wʳld
ages ϵjɪz
valid vælɪd
patterns pætʳnz
hat hæt
finance finæns
companies kʌmpʌnɩz
choose ʧuz
contracts kɑntrækts
committed kʌmɪtɪd
scheduled skεjuld
linda lɪndʌ
financial fɪnænʃʌl
nobody nobʌdɩ
profession prʌfεʃʌn
sides sidz
yo yo
command kʌmænd
feedback fɩdbæk
strange strϵnj
surrounded sʳʊndɪd
might mit
aids ϵdz
supports sʌpɔrts
democracy dɪmɑkrʌsɩ
guidelines gidlinz
court kɔrt
suicide suɪsid
google gugʌl
improvement ɪmpruvmʌnt
islands ilʌndz
awareness ʌwεrnʌs
sexy sεksɩ
perhaps pʳhæps
prepare prɩpεr
reviews rʌvyuz
constitution kɑnstʌtuʃʌn
achievement ʌʧɩvmʌnt
voted votɪd
chase ʧϵs
burned bʳnd
economic εkʌnɑmɪk
arrive ʳiv
populations pɑpyʌlϵʃʌnz
gross gros
murphy mʳfɩ
uh ʌ
pregnant prεgnʌnt
heads hεdz
slightly slitlɩ
assets æsεts
nothing nʌθɪŋ
rates rϵts
repair rɪpεr
certain sʳtʌn
advocate ædvʌkʌt
explaining ɪksplϵnɪŋ
roger rɑjʳ
sciences siʌnsɪz
voters votʳz
sacrifice sækrʌfis
invited ɪnvitɪd
asia ϵʒʌ
journal jʳnʌl
tear tεr
disease dɪzɩz
ann æn
jesse jεsɩ
pm pɩεm
resolution rεzʌluʃʌn
smile smil
works wʳks
reforms rɪfɔrmz
wine win
calories kælʳɩz
recognize rεkʌgniz
annual ænyuʌl
whereas wεræz
lunch lʌnʧ
observed ʌbzʳvd
otherwise ʌϑʳwiz
shape ʃϵp
fan fæn
shirt ʃʳt
russell rʌsʌl
something sʌmθɪŋ
consultant kʌnsʌltʌnt
criminal krɪmʌnʌl
won wʌn
backed bækt
professor prʌfεsʳ
shock ʃɑk
singing sɪŋɪŋ
generous jεnʳʌs
daughter dɔtʳ
sex sεks
employee εmplꭢɩ
innocent ɪnʌsʌnt
opposite ɑpʌzʌt
unusual ʌnyuʒuʌl
government gʌvʳnmʌnt
reliable rɪliʌbʌl
kansas kænzʌs
entirely ɪntiʳlɩ
playing plϵɪŋ
physical fɪzɪkʌl
attack ʌtæk
relatives rεlʌtɪvz
chart ʧɑrt
officer ɔfɪsʳ
allen ælʌn
appointed ʌpꭢntɪd
contain kʌntϵn
attacks ʌtæks
gold gold
positions pʌzɪʃʌnz
luxury lʌgʒʳɩ
secretary sεkrʌtεrɩ
songs sɔŋz
types tips
today tudϵ
given gɪvɪn
passengers pæsʌnjʳz
qualified kwɑlʌfid
marked mɑrkt
lawrence lɔrʌns
reflect rɪflεkt
among ʌmʌŋ
principal prɪnsʌpʌl
significantly sɪgnɪfɪkʌntlɩ
sold sold
agenda ʌjεndʌ
below bɪlo
voiceover vꭢsovʳ
contract kɑntrækt
twin twɪn
happen hæpʌn
soon sun
investigate ɪnvεstʌgϵt
learn lʳn
disappear dɪsʌpɩr
mom mɑm
regret rɪgrεt
front frʌnt
silent silʌnt
terrorist tεrʳɪst
covers kʌvʳz
recalls rɪkɔlz
amendment ʌmεndmʌnt
point pꭢnt
convinced kʌnvɪnst
genes jɩnz
seriously sɪrɩʌslɩ
their ϑεr
suffer sʌfʳ
pick pɪk
fair fεr
legislature lεjʌslϵʧʳ
grabbed græbd
doug dʌg
allegations ælʌgϵʃʌnz
studied stʌdɩd
instrument ɪnstrʌmʌnt
ah ɑ
gone gɔn
laughter læftʳ
belt bεlt
executive ɪgzεkyʌtɪv
lands lændz
chapter ʧæptʳ
permit pʳmɪt
tracks træks
expanded ɪkspændɪd
forcing fɔrsɪŋ
champion ʧæmpɩʌn
net nεt
lying liɪŋ
character kεrɪktʳ
sauce sɔs
shaking ʃϵkɪŋ
taken tϵkʌn
therefore ϑεrfɔr
council kʊnsʌl
end εnd
link lɪŋk
be bɩ
breathing brɩϑɪŋ
magic mæjɪk
sequence sɩkwʌns
female fɩmϵl
involve ɪnvɑlv
controlled kʌntrold
longer lɔŋgʳ
strategies strætʌjɩz
track træk
exchange ɪksʧϵnj
assist ʌsɪst
lord lɔrd
morning mɔrnɪŋ
reward rɪwɔrd
profile profil
anna ænʌ
table tϵbʌl
wanting wɑntɪŋ
blow blo
hang hæŋ
fought fɔt
funeral fyunʳʌl
fail fϵl
entry εntrɩ
general jεnʳʌl
owner onʳ
fall fɔl
articles ɑrtɪkʌlz
controls kʌntrolz
wealth wεlθ
drug drʌg
taught tɔt
knocked nɑkt
crap kræp
culture kʌlʧʳ
demand dɪmænd
npr εnpɩɑr
seed sɩd
objective ʌbjεktɪv
anywhere εnɩwεr
drink drɪŋk
cases kϵsɪz
briefly brɩflɩ
phone fon
fiber fibʳ
christmas krɪsmʌs
escape ɪskϵp
conservative kʌnsʳvʌtɪv
legs lεgz
offering ɔfʳɪŋ
angeles ænjʌlɪs
believe bɪlɩv
replace rɩplϵs
counter kʊntʳ
filling fɪlɪŋ
themselves ϑεmsεlvz
mixture mɪksʧʳ
h ϵʧ
similar sɪmʌlʳ
against ʌgεnst
wells wεlz
investors ɪnvεstʳz
dirt dʳt
drivers drivʳz
visit vɪzɪt
buy bi
possibility pɑsʌbɪlʌtɩ
returned rɪtʳnd
damaged dæmɪjd
know no
future fyuʧʳ
nor nɔr
remind rɩmind
european yɜrʌpɩʌn
hunting hʌntɪŋ
v vɩ
tickets tɪkɪts
whether wεϑʳ
candidate kændʌdϵt
heritage hεrɪtɪj
overseas ovʳsɩz
wherever wεrεvʳ
enemies εnʌmɩz
sergeant sɑrjʌnt
leading lɩdɪŋ
ross rɔs
meals mɩlz
composition kɑmpʌzɪʃʌn
evening ɩvnɪŋ
duties dutɩz
le lʌ
discover dɪskʌvʳ
saving sϵvɪŋ
secret sɩkrɪt
production prʌdʌkʃʌn
calling kɔlɪŋ
first fʳst
overcome ovʳkʌm
traveled trævʌld
acceptable ʌksεptʌbʌl
decided dɪsidɪd
worldwide wʳldwid
books bɜks
opening opʌnɪŋ
facts fækts
october ɑktobʳ
pollution pʌluʃʌn
record rεkʳd
justice jʌstɪs
accused ʌkyuzd
excess εksεs
compromise kɑmprʌmiz
seats sɩts
whose huz
amazing ʌmϵzɪŋ
drives drivz
neighbors nϵbʳz
whatever wʌtεvʳ
fbi εfbɩi
self sεlf
stores stɔrz
fred frεd
keeping kɩpɪŋ
survived sʳvivd
stick stɪk
feel fɩl
follows fɑloz
important ɪmpɔrtʌnt
tragedy træjʌdɩ
counseling kʊnsʌlɪŋ
expression ɪksprεʃʌn
framework frϵmwʳk
transition trænzɪʃʌn
telling tεlɪŋ
challenged ʧælʌnjd
jeff jεf
promote prʌmot
ties tiz
lawyers lɔyʳz
administrative ʌdmɪnʌstrϵtɪv
super supʳ
desk dεsk
classes klæsɪz
cleared klɪrd
town tʊn
procedure prʌsɩjʳ
italian ɪtælyʌn
milk mɪlk
boring bɔrɪŋ
laughed læft
equivalent ɪkwɪvʌlʌnt
interested ɪntʳɪstɪd
congressional kʌngrεʃʌnʌl
experimental ɪkspεrɪmεntʌl
barry bærɩ
losses lɔsɪz
hundreds hʌndrʌdz
prosecutors prɑsɪkyutʳz
researchers rɩsʳʧʳz
concluded kʌnkludɪd
deeper dɩpʳ
phones fonz
strategy strætʌjɩ
movies muvɩz
furthermore fʳϑʳmɔr
cloud klʊd
jim jɪm
dog dɔg
him hɪm
guilty gɪltɩ
field fɩld
terrorists tεrʳɪsts
candidates kændʌdϵts
prayer prϵʳ
half hæf
substance sʌbstʌns
difficult dɪfʌkʌlt
likes liks
clothes kloϑz
appears ʌpɪrz
what wʌt
employed εmplꭢd
alexander ælʌgzændʳ
min mɪn
heart hɑrt
new nu
independent ɪndɪpεndʌnt
oscar ɔskʳ
r ɑr
revolution rεvʌluʃʌn
proportion prʌpɔrʃʌn
shut ʃʌt
events ɪvεnts
treatments trɩtmʌnts
beyond bɩɑnd
career kʳɪr
good gɜd
miracle mɪrʌkʌl
appreciate ʌprɩʃɩϵt
delivery dɪlɪvʳɩ
classroom klæsrum
donaldson dɑnʌldsʌn
cure kyɜr
lack læk
mississippi mɪsɪsɪpɩ
stories stɔrɩz
dad dæd
dramatic drʌmætɪk
feeding fɩdɪŋ
received rɪsɩvd
promises prɑmʌsʌz
receiving rɪsɩvɪŋ
lawyer lɔyʳ
calls kɔlz
sit sɪt
together tʌgεϑʳ
affair ʌfεr
wake wϵk
resulted rɪzʌltɪd
statements stϵtmʌnts
faced fϵst
muscle mʌsʌl
like lik
south sʊθ
enough ɪnʌf
communicate kʌmyunʌkϵt
iran ɪrɑn
emissions ɪmɪʃʌnz
legislation lεjʌslϵʃʌn
crash kræʃ
interview ɪntʳvyu
moving muvɪŋ
concert kɑnsʳt
la lɑ
occurs ʌkʳz
truth truθ
concern kʌnsʳn
turkey tʳkɩ
generally jεnrʌlɩ
trend trεnd
items itʌmz
age ϵj
occur ʌkʳ
states stϵts
flat flæt
interviews ɪntʳvyuz
single sɪŋgʌl
bay bϵ
newspapers nuzpϵpʳz
naturally næʧrʌlɩ
voter votʳ
perform pʳfɔrm
yours yɔrz
destruction dɪstrʌkʃʌn
applications æplʌkϵʃʌnz
chain ʧϵn
al æl
later lϵtʳ
season sɩzʌn
listen lɪsʌn
printed prɪntɪd
cia sɩiϵ
physicians fɪzɪʃʌnz
lifted lɪftɪd
bitch bɪʧ
hospital hɑspɪtʌl
driver drivʳ
been bɪn
whole hol
discussed dɪskʌst
center sεntʳ
justify jʌstʌfi
according ʌkɔrdɪŋ
wait wϵt
players plϵʳz
offense ʌfεns
increased ɪnkrɩst
wrote rot
episode εpɪsod
organized ɔrgʌnizd
dressed drεst
mutual myuʧuʌl
once wʌns
outside ʊtsid
positive pɑzʌtɪv
canadian kʌnϵdɩʌn
rice ris
united yunitɪd
literally lɪtʳʌlɩ
disabilities dɪsʌbɪlɪtɩz
darkness dɑrknʌs
purchased pʳʧʌst
traffic træfɪk
hills hɪlz
salad sælʌd
itself ɪtsεlf
attorney ʌtʳnɩ
slept slεpt
ridiculous rɪdɪkyʌlʌs
spare spεr
law lɔ
wave wϵv
inch ɪnʧ
circuit sʳkʌt
tradition trʌdɪʃʌn
causing kɔzɪŋ
thousand θʊzʌnd
medical mεdɪkʌl
guidance gidʌns
mistake mɪstϵk
bush bɜʃ
actively æktɪvlɩ
fans fænz
movements muvmʌnts
tied tid
decrease dɩkrɩs
scores skɔrz
prevention prɩvεnʃʌn
society sʌsiʌtɩ
clay klϵ
called kɔld
rhetoric rεtʳɪk
sufficient sʌfɪʃʌnt
hey hϵ
capable kϵpʌbʌl
without wɪθʊt
theatre θɩʌtʳ
band bænd
document dɑkyumεnt
points pꭢnts
meets mɩts
or ɔr
workers wʳkʳz
bent bεnt
junior junyʳ
entering εntʳɪŋ
psychology sikɑlʌjɩ
tried trid
profit prɑfɪt
extended ɪkstεndɪd
corps kɔr
expensive ɪkspεnsɪv
acknowledged æknɑlɪjd
gap gæp
cause kɔz
math mæθ
no no
toward tɔrd
seattle sɩætʌl
dependent dɪpεndʌnt
selling sεlɪŋ
victory vɪktʳɩ
lot lɑt
upon ʌpɑn
hold hold
mars mɑrz
everyone εvrɩwʌn
smell smεl
ballot bælʌt
ride rid
number nʌmbʳ
simultaneously simʌltϵnɩʌslɩ
fine fin
remarkable rɪmɑrkʌbʌl
pale pϵl
parker pɑrkʳ
america ʌmεrɪkʌ
water wɔtʳ
brother brʌϑʳ
digital dɪjɪtʌl
tough tʌf
candy kændɩ
input ɪnpɜt
impressed ɪmprεst
absolutely æbsʌlutlɩ
stolen stolʌn
bid bɪd
ending εndɪŋ
manufacturers mænyʌfækʧʳʳz
reached rɩʧt
branch brænʧ
allows ʌlʊz
lie li
notes nots
double dʌbʌl
knew nu
subsequent sʌbsʌkwʌnt
condition kʌndɪʃʌn
january jænyuεrɩ
considering kʌnsɪdʳɪŋ
toys tꭢz
publication pʌblɪkϵʃʌn
tank tæŋk
prior priʳ
harm hɑrm
help hεlp
customer kʌstʌmʳ
print prɪnt
zero zɩro
moore mɔr
iraq ɪrɑk
pull pɜl
gary gærɩ
confused kʌnfyuzd
crystal krɪstʌl
cut kʌt
african æfrɪkʌn
beach bɩʧ
requirement rɪkwirmʌnt
story stɔrɩ
meet mɩt
uncle ʌŋkʌl
views vyuz
our ʊr
behavior bɪhϵvyʳ
penalty pεnʌltɩ
alleged ʌlεjd
individual ɪndʌvɪjʌwʌl
served sʳvd
us ʌs
facilities fʌsɪlɪtɩz
interviewed ɪntʳvyud
girlfriend gʳlfrεnd
mothers mʌϑʳz
relation rɩlϵʃʌn
mail mϵl
lawn lɔn
radical rædɪkʌl
ownership onʳʃɪp
designs dɪzinz
el εl
marks mɑrks
stop stɑp
solo solo
records rεkʳdz
consideration kʌnsɪdʳϵʃʌn
predict prɪdɪkt
determine dɪtʳmʌn
adding ædɪŋ
fear fɪr
partner pɑrtnʳ
neighborhood nϵbʳhɜd
his hɪz
hardly hɑrdlɩ
measure mεʒʳ
everywhere εvrɩwεr
sample sæmpʌl
danger dϵnjʳ
susan suzʌn
coaching koʧɪŋ
handling hændlɪŋ
armed ɑrmd
perceived pʳsɩvd
satellite sætʌlit
gave gϵv
alex ælʌks
surprised sʳprizd
expect ɪkspεkt
pizza pɩtsʌ
humanity hyumænɪtɩ
spent spεnt
developed dɪvεlʌpt
j jϵ
start stɑrt
marry mεrɩ
teaching tɩʧɪŋ
afghanistan æfgænʌstæn
owns onz
boyfriend bꭢfrεnd
driving drivɪŋ
showed ʃod
inner ɪnʳ
pete pɩt
savings sϵvɪŋz
produce produs
las lɑs
experts εkspʳts
arena ʳɩnʌ
external ɪkstʳnʌl
flying fliɪŋ
hi hi
mad mæd
minnesota mɪnɪsotʌ
police pʌlɩs
vietnam vɩεtnɑm
worlds wʳldz
aaron εrʌn
belief bɪlɩf
genetic jʌnεtɪk
growth groθ
joke jok
avenue ævʌnu
nelson nεlsʌn
federal fεdʳʌl
emphasis εmfʌsɪs
stream strɩm
upstairs ʌpstεrz
mother mʌϑʳ
florida flɔrɪdʌ
violent viʌlʌnt
excited ɪksitɪd
talks tɔks
answer ænsʳ
electronic ɪlεktrɑnɪk
pan pæn
independence ɪndɪpεndʌns
side sid
raise rϵz
ones wʌnz
arthur ɑrθʳ
says sεz
bed bεd
combined kʌmbind
instead ɪnstεd
structural strʌkʧʳʌl
camera kæmʳʌ
homeless homlʌs
diet diʌt
towards tɔrdz
subjects sʌbjεkts
rapid ræpɪd
reveal rɪvɩl
orders ɔrdʳz
w dʌbʌlyu
intensity ɪntεnsɪtɩ
wages wϵjɪz
colleges kɑlɪjɪz
describe dɪskrib
may mϵ
seat sɩt
dominant dɑmʌnʌnt
teams tɩmz
director dɪrεktʳ
barack bærɑk
basement bϵsmʌnt
posting postɪŋ
brand brænd
china ʧinʌ
else εls
hope hop
elections ɪlεkʃʌnz
theater θɩʌtʳ
employers εmplꭢʳz
consumer kʌnsumʳ
valley vælɩ
opponents ʌponʌnts
familiar fʌmɪlyʳ
unit yunɪt
removed rɩmuvd
gov gʌv
bones bonz
legislative lεjʌslϵtɪv
want wɑnt
target tɑrgʌt
assigned ʌsind
ear ɩr
spring sprɪŋ
suggestion sʌjεsʧʌn
behavioral bɪhϵvyʳʌl
union yunyʌn
describing dɪskribɪŋ
left lεft
divide dɪvid
meanwhile mɩnwil
mere mɪr
spend spεnd
odds ɑdz
example ɪgzæmpʌl
deep dɩp
insurance ɪnʃɜrʌns
units yunɪts
max mæks
software sɔftwεr
matters mætʳz
rapidly ræpʌdlɩ
coming kʌmɪŋ
na nɑ
integrated ɪntʌgrϵtɪd
lead lɩd
effects ɩfεkts
deals dɩlz
fee fɩ
recession rɪsεʃʌn
chamber ʧϵmbʳ
flash flæʃ
holes holz
chicago ʃʌkɑgo
hoping hopɪŋ
fantasy fæntʌsɩ
infrastructure ɪnfrʌstrʌkʧʳ
joining jꭢnɪŋ
mommy mɑmɩ
forever fʳεvʳ
morgan mɔrgʌn
planes plϵnz
plot plɑt
producing prʌdusɪŋ
nurse nʳs
safe sϵf
trees trɩz
regime rʌʒɩm
falling fɑlɪŋ
much mʌʧ
impossible ɪmpɑsʌbʌl
massachusetts mæsʌʧusʌts
advance ʌdvæns
hand hænd
coach koʧ
platform plætfɔrm
guys giz
dear dɪr
term tʳm
thomas tɑmʌs
chemical kεmɪkʌl
classical klæsɪkʌl
tower tʊʳ
war wɔr
cuba kyubʌ
cold kold
jersey jʳzɩ
mix mɪks
todd tɑd
watching wɑʧɪŋ
jumped jʌmpt
et εt
boost bust
definitely dεfʌnʌtlɩ
flag flæg
partly pɑrtlɩ
promise prɑmʌs
tuesday tuzdϵ
reform rɪfɔrm
myself misεlf
shore ʃɔr
opened opʌnd
resulting rɪzʌltɪŋ
talking tɔkɪŋ
vote vot
wonderful wʌndʳfʌl
practically præktɪklɩ
helping hεlpɪŋ
rare rεr
army ɑrmɩ
granted græntɪd
discourse dɪskɔrs
fired fiʳd
governor gʌvʳnʳ
safety sϵftɩ
visible vɪzʌbʌl
abuse ʌbyus
direction dʳεkʃʌn
dozens dʌzʌnz
emerged ɪmʳjd
rights rits
throat θrot
settled sεtʌld
empire εmpiʳ
literacy lɪtʳʌsɩ
man mæn
discovery dɪskʌvʳɩ
attempt ʌtεmpt
have hæv
bullet bɜlʌt
wood wɜd
fabric fæbrɪk
honest ɑnʌst
house hʊs
starts stɑrts
conditions kʌndɪʃʌnz
targeted tɑrgʌtɪd
spending spεndɪŋ
thanksgiving θæŋksgɪvɪŋ
include ɪnklud
jail jϵl
arguing ɑrgyuɪŋ
sorry sɑrɩ
opinions ʌpɪnyʌnz
text tεkst
april ϵprʌl
wore wɔr
pennsylvania pεnsʌlvϵnyʌ
absolute æbsʌlut
corporation kɔrpʳϵʃʌn
wooden wɜdʌn
pride prid
firing fiʳrɪŋ
building bɪldɪŋ
search sʳʧ
feeling fɩlɪŋ
return rɪtʳn
focusing fokʌsɪŋ
dining dinɪŋ
currency kʳʌnsɩ
football fɜtbɔl
anchor æŋkʳ
hall hɔl
paying pϵɪŋ
phrase frϵz
scientific siʌntɪfɪk
that ϑæt
forgot fʳgɑt
declared dɪklεrd
available ʌvϵlʌbʌl
ford fɔrd
managed mænɪjd
exist ɪgzɪst
democrats dεmʌkræts
award ʌwɔrd
soccer sɑkʳ
tax tæks
journalists jʳnʌlɪsts
reporting rɪpɔrtɪŋ
artistic ɑrtɪstɪk
expansion ɪkspænʃʌn
feb fεbyʌwεrɩ
greg grεg
oral ɔrʌl
p pɩ
cited sitɪd
capture kæpʧʳ
curious kyɜrɩʌs
these ϑɩz
justin jʌstɪn
shame ʃϵm
narrator nεrϵtʳ
feelings fɩlɪŋz
instructions ɪnstrʌkʃʌnz
however hʊεvʳ
influenced ɪnfluʌnst
ongoing ɑngoɪŋ
ratings rϵtɪŋz
closed klozd
guitar gɪtɑr
royal rꭢʌl
who hu
wet wεt
above ʌbʌv
senators sεnʌtʳz
attitude ætʌtud
jeans jɩnz
stages stϵjɪz
handed hændɪd
takes tϵks
theories θɩʳɩz
everyday εvrɩdϵ
hot hɑt
talent tælʌnt
actual ækʧʌwʌl
wire wiʳ
favor fϵvʳ
evident εvʌdʌnt
attempts ʌtεmpts
increasing ɪnkrɩsɪŋ
difficulties dɪfɪkʌltɩz
replied rɪplid
congratulations kʌngræʧʌlϵʃʌnz
clinton klɪntʌn
pregnancy prεgnʌnsɩ
ceo sɩɩo
oklahoma oklʌhomʌ
wheels wɩlz
line lin
dates dϵts
politically pʌlɪtɪkʌlɩ
analyst ænʌlɪst
prize priz
robert rɑbʳt
foods fudz
format fɔrmæt
rob rɑb
slight slit
check ʧεk
merely mɪrlɩ
horror hɔrʳ
throughout θruʊt
fake fϵk
dna dɩεnϵ
seen sɩn
administration ædmɪnɪstrϵʃʌn
tool tul
eager ɩgʳ
ronald rɑnʌld
sake sϵk
its ɪts
known non
discussions dɪskʌʃʌnz
storm stɔrm
plan plæn
count kʊnt
give gɪv
recommendations rεkʌmʌndϵʃʌnz
big bɪg
peoples pɩpʌlz
severe sʌvɪr
turn tʳn
drawing drɔɪŋ
twitter twɪtʳ
real rɩl
unidentified ʌnidεntʌfid
restrictions rɩstrɪkʃʌnz
disability dɪsʌbɪlɪtɩ
barely bεrlɩ
adults ʌdʌlts
athletes æθlɩts
bound bʊnd
sleep slɩp
tell tεl
inches ɪnʧɪz
sent sεnt
racism rϵsɪzʌm
department dɪpɑrtmʌnt
proven pruvʌn
agree ʌgrɩ
dish dɪʃ
perspective pʳspεktɪv
political pʌlɪtɪkʌl
possible pɑsʌbʌl
hung hʌŋ
dream drɩm
population pɑpyʌlϵʃʌn
successfully sʌksεsfʌlɩ
tom tɑm
sensitive sεnsɪtɪv
nights nits
belong bɪlɔŋ
donald dɑnʌld
ranging rϵnjɪŋ
roman romʌn
middle mɪdʌl
confirmed kʌnfʳmd
insight ɪnsit
championship ʧæmpɩʌnʃɪp
cups kʌps
lucky lʌkɩ
hip hɪp
protecting prʌtεktɪŋ
pa pɑ
research rɩsʳʧ
mirror mɪrʳ
abstract æbstrækt
era εrʌ
opposition ɑpʌzɪʃʌn
there ϑεr
campaigns kæmpϵnz
hate hϵt
keys kɩz
primary primεrɩ
quietly kwiʌtlɩ
strike strik
topic tɑpɪk
expertise εkspʳtɩz
healthy hεlθɩ
illinois ɪlʌnꭢ
aimed ϵmd
monitoring mɑnʌtʳɪŋ
nationwide nϵʃʌnwid
roughly rʌflɩ
trouble trʌbʌl
account ʌkʊnt
game gϵm
everything εvrɩθɪŋ
segment sεgmεnt
wife wif
hits hɪts
payment pϵmʌnt
prefer prɪfʳ
leaned lɩnd
purple pʳpʌl
different dɪfʳʌnt
gates gϵts
break brϵk
boxes bɑksɪz
market mɑrkɪt
border bɔrdʳ
collect kʌlεkt
consistent kʌnsɪstʌnt
grave grϵv
male mϵl
attorneys ʌtʳnɩz
dried drid
irish irɪʃ
fields fɩldz
kitchen kɪʧʌn
selection sʌlεkʃʌn
quarterback kwɔrtʳbæk
to tu
conclusion kʌnkluʒʌn
region rɩjʌn
pushing pɜʃɪŋ
respondents rɪspɑndʌnts
t tɩ
thin θɪn
philosophy fʌlɑsʌfɩ
trip trɪp
writers ritʳz
beneath bɪnɩθ
boy bꭢ
love lʌv
so-called sokɔld
stewart stuʳt
diversity dɪvʳsɪtɩ
awards ʌwɔrdz
medicine mεdʌsʌn
moved muvd
ta tɑ
categories kætʌgɔrɩz
alternative ɔltʳnʌtɪv
crisis krisʌs
dick dɪk
judicial judɪʃʌl
fund fʌnd
sandy sændɩ
runs rʌnz
discussing dɪskʌsɪŋ
strong strɔŋ
republicans rɪpʌblɪkʌnz
lets lεts
representation rεprʌzεntϵʃʌn
animal ænʌmʌl
defeat dɪfɩt
dennis dεnɪs
challenging ʧælʌnjɪŋ
accept ʌksεpt
precisely prɪsislɩ
satisfied sætɪsfid
approval ʌpruvʌl
brian briʌn
ok okϵ
poll pol
levels lεvʌlz
discuss dɪskʌs
listening lɪsʌnɪŋ
lifestyle lifstil
circumstances sʳkʌmstænsɪz
upset ʌpsεt
miller mɪlʳ
citizen sɪtɪzʌn
palm pɑm
brilliant brɪlyʌnt
opportunity ɑpʳtunʌtɩ
politicians pɑlʌtɪʃʌnz
office ɔfɪs
shortly ʃɔrtlɩ
witnesses wɪtnʌsɪz
hour ʊʳ
ruling rulɪŋ
creation krɩϵʃʌn
sections sεkʃʌnz
wounded wundɪd
household hʊshold
although ɔlϑo
delay dɪlϵ
sec sεk
preserve prɪzʳv
remaining rɪmϵnɪŋ
rather ræϑʳ
oil ꭢl
destroyed dɪstrꭢd
thought θɔt
high hi
letting lεtɪŋ
pulls pɜlz
caring kεrɪŋ
nomination nɑmʌnϵʃʌn
pursue pʳsu
app æp
component kʌmponʌnt
explanation εksplʌnϵʃʌn
compete kʌmpɩt
flew flu
reason rɩzʌn
stem stεm
references rεfrʌnsɪz
balanced bælʌnst
least lɩst
guide gid
mathematics mæθʌmætɪks
happens hæpʌnz
they ϑϵ
killer kɪlʳ
diego dɩϵgo
wind wɪnd
senator sεnʌtʳ
becoming bɪkʌmɪŋ
arizona εrɪzonʌ
contest kɑntεst
asking æskɪŋ
k kϵ
looks lɜks
devoted dɪvotɪd
brief brɩf
forum fɔrʌm
worse wʳs
engage εngϵj
church ʧʳʧ
o o
charles ʧɑrlz
convicted kʌnvɪktʌd
leadership lɩdʳʃɪp
caught kɔt
with wɪθ
aircraft εrkræft
returns rɪtʳnz
cake kϵk
frozen frozʌn
legitimate lʌjɪtʌmʌt
risks rɪsks
swear swεr
france fræns
hence hεns
register rεjɪstʳ
ow ʊ
sugar ʃɜgʳ
bruce brus
policies pɑlʌsɩz
wish wɪʃ
ya yɑ
pound pʊnd
needs nɩdz
farther fɑrϑʳ
mostly mostlɩ
honor ɑnʳ
upper ʌpʳ
athletic æθlεtɪk
credit krεdɪt
disaster dɪzæstʳ
scandal skændʌl
politics pɑlʌtɪks
demanded dɪmændɪd
versus vʳsʌs
nuts nʌts
comfortable kʌmfʳtʌbʌl
exposed ɪkspozd
painting pϵntɪŋ
perceptions pʳsεpʃʌnz
rings rɪŋz
provides prʌvidz
mall mɔl
raises rϵzɪz
exercise εksʳsiz
pleased plɩzd
environmental ɪnvirʌnmεntʌl
recall rɪkɔl
add æd
excellent εksʌlʌnt
hurry hʳɩ
bare bεr
passing pæsɪŋ
users yuzʳz
television tεlʌvɪʒʌn
dean dɩn
affected ʌfεktɪd
word wʳd
proposal prʌpozʌl
button bʌtʌn
simply sɪmplɩ
costs kɔsts
completed kʌmplɩtɪd
fortune fɔrʧʌn
prime prim
details dɩtϵlz
grand grænd
able ϵbʌl
usually yuʒʌlɩ
chuck ʧʌk
idiot ɪdɩʌt
why wi
flow flo
moon mun
professionals prʌfεʃʌnʌlz
student studʌnt
equality ɪkwɑlʌtɩ
suggested sʌjεstɪd
butt bʌt
surveillance sʳvϵlʌns
would wɜd
fed fεd
actor æktʳ
gathered gæϑʳd
privilege prɪvɪlɪj
retired rɪtird
industrial ɪndʌstrɩʌl
solve sɑlv
argue ɑrgyu
invest ɪnvεst
despite dɪspit
cal kæl
standing stændɪŋ
unexpected ʌnɪkspεktɪd
resistance rɪzɪstʌns
save sϵv
trail trϵl
particularly pʳtɪkyʌlʳlɩ
knowing noɪŋ
parking pɑrkɪŋ
soup sup
surrounding sʳʊndɪŋ
primarily primεrʌlɩ
ready rεdɩ
membership mεmbʳʃɪp
must mʌst
rolling rolɪŋ
vulnerable vʌlnʳʌbʌl
pakistan pækɪstæn
cry kri
chip ʧɪp
highest hiʌst
roberts rɑbʳts
say sϵ
acceptance ʌksεptʌns
captain kæptʌn
louis luɩ
further fʳϑʳ
fuck fʌk
staff stæf
waste wϵst
keeps kɩps
authority ʌθɔrʌtɩ
significant sɪgnɪfɪkʌnt
peaceful pɩsfʌl
arrested ʳεstɪd
equally ɩkwʌlɩ
burst bʳst
en εn
historically hɪstɔrɪklɩ
monster mɑnstʳ
expressed ɪksprεst
engineering εnjʌnɪrɪŋ
horses hɔrsɪz
revenues rεvʌnyuz
cash kæʃ
sand sænd
shoulder ʃoldʳ
tube tub
breaking brϵkɪŋ
improvements ɪmpruvmʌnts
models mɑdʌlz
page pϵj
truck trʌk
estimates εstʌmʌts
probably prɑbʌblɩ
representative rεprɪzεntʌtɪv
live lɪv
maps mæps
smoke smok
videos vɪdɩoz
documents dɑkyumʌnts
whom hum
emotional ɩmoʃʌnʌl
willing wɪlɪŋ
labor lϵbʳ
played plϵd
feed fɩd
street strɩt
alaska ʌlæskʌ
broadcast brɔdkæst
dance dæns
grown gron
serving sʳvɪŋ
does dʌz
daddy dædɩ
roy rꭢ
sharp ʃɑrp
visiting vɪzɪtɪŋ
others ʌϑʳz
gains gϵnz
twenty twεntɩ
answered ænsʳd
regularly rεgyʌlʳlɩ
ethan ɩθʌn
diabetes diʌbɩtɩz
satisfaction sætɪsfækʃʌn
deliver dɪlɪvʳ
doubt dʊt
edwards εdwʳdz
carter kɑrtʳ
navy nϵvɩ
plants plænts
rear rɪr
surface sʳfʌs
campaign kæmpϵn
launched lɔnʧt
watched wɑʧt
predicted prɪdɪktɪd
status stætʌs
earlier ʳlɩʳ
work wʳk
ugly ʌglɩ
answers ænsʳz
remarks rɪmɑrks
powder pʊdʳ
homes homz
volume vɑlyum
warren wɔrʌn
utility yutɪlʌtɩ
grew gru
drunk drʌŋk
county kʊntɩ
abandoned ʌbændʌnd
found fʊnd
fresh frεʃ
comparison kʌmpεrʌsʌn
internet ɪntʳnεt
reveals rɪvɩlz
korean kɔrɩʌn
emerging ɩmʳjɪŋ
american ʌmεrɪkʌn
central sεntrʌl
lose luz
sen sεn
votes vots
southern sʌϑʳn
ruled ruld
old old
garbage gɑrbɪj
injuries ɪnjʳɩz
sons sʌnz
universe yunʌvʳs
likely liklɩ
hero hɩro
andy ændɩ
slave slϵv
bill bɪl
very vεrɩ
hers hʳz
cleveland klɩvlʌnd
felt fεlt
sea sɩ
useful yusfʌl
routine rutɩn
military mɪlɪtεrɩ
mass mæs
denver dεnvʳ
everybody εvrɩbɑdɩ
vary vεrɩ
sick sɪk
carry kærɩ
boards bɔrdz
surgery sʳjʳɩ
drawn drɔn
back bæk
senior sɩnyʳ
sexual sεkʃuʌl
logical lɑjɪkʌl
ways wϵz
yards yɑrdz
professional prʌfεʃʌnʌl
reads rɩdz
superior supɪrɩʳ
maintaining mϵntϵnɪŋ
raising rϵzɪŋ
failure fϵlyʳ
threat θrεt
understood ʌndʳstɜd
prosecutor prɑsɪkyutʳ
basically bϵsɪklɩ
fence fεns
offensive ʌfεnsɪv
scenes sɩnz
understand ʌndʳstænd
movie muvɩ
characters kærʌktʳz
loan lon
journalism jʳnʌlɪzʌm
battle bætʌl
tea tɩ
agents ϵjʌnts
other ʌϑʳ
academic ækʌdεmɪk
september sεptεmbʳ
weekly wɩklɩ
slide slid
winning wɪnɪŋ
heavily hεvʌlɩ
nature nϵʧʳ
final finʌl
creating krɩϵtɪŋ
camp kæmp
threw θru
carly kɑrlɩ
gordon gɔrdʌn
mount mʊnt
landscape lændskϵp
death dεθ
counties kʊntɩz
finding findɪŋ
drop drɑp
depend dɪpεnd
moment momʌnt
nancy nænsɩ
jack jæk
farmers fɑrmʳz
horrible hɔrʌbʌl
somewhat sʌmwʌt
cooking kɜkɪŋ
item itʌm
lemon lεmʌn
device dɪvis
territory tεrɪtɔrɩ
standard stændʳd
scholars skɑlʳz
offices ɔfʌsɪz
australia ɔstrϵlyʌ
behind bɪhind
cameras kæmʳʌz
participation pɑrtɪsʌpϵʃʌn
sell sεl
strikes striks
met mεt
shook ʃɜk
again ʌgεn
crimes krimz
health hεlθ
created krɩϵtɪd
typically tɪpɪklɩ
away ʌwϵ
desired dɪziʳd
fun fʌn
stone ston
attached ʌtæʧt
completely kʌmplɩtlɩ
mainstream mϵnstrɩm
match mæʧ
picking pɪkɪŋ
struggle strʌgʌl
columbia kʌlʌmbɩʌ
sheriff ʃεrɪf
budget bʌjɪt
begun bɪgʌn
consumers kʌnsumʳz
districts dɪstrɪkts
communication kʌmyunʌkϵʃʌn
equipment ɪkwɪpmʌnt
ill ɪl
surprising sʳprizɪŋ
humor hyumʳ
thread θrεd
glasses glæsɪz
dropping drɑpɪŋ
engineer εnjʌnɪr
julie julɩ
meaningful mɩnɪŋfʌl
philadelphia fɪlʌdεlfɩʌ
protection prʌtεkʃʌn
treated trɩtɪd
perception pʳsεpʃʌn
copyright kɑpɩrit
sat sæt
tears tεrz
development dɪvεlʌpmʌnt
questions kwεsʧʌnz
traveling trævʌlɪŋ
queen kwɩn
relations rɩlϵʃʌnz
backs bæks
red rεd
programming progræmɪŋ
train trϵn
gang gæŋ
virtually vʳʧulɩ
d dɩ
fuel fyuʌl
john jɑn
holy holɩ
really rɪlɩ
deeply dɩplɩ
continues kʌntɪnyuz
controversial kɑntrʌvʳʃʌl
filed fild
had hæd
bathroom bæθrum
fifth fɪfθ
eventually ɪvεnʃʌlɩ
garden gɑrdʌn
becomes bɪkʌmz
interior ɪntɪrɩʳ
crowd krʊd
thoughts θɔts
complain kʌmplϵn
recently rɩsʌntlɩ
endless εndlʌs
user yuzʳ
owners onʳz
venture vεnʧʳ
ward wɔrd
sources sɔrsʌz
structures strʌkʧʳz
faces fϵsɪz
diverse divʳs
charges ʧɑrjɪz
biological biʌlɑjɪkʌl
trace trϵs
harris hεrɪs
anderson ændʳsʌn
having hævɪŋ
kid kɪd
claimed klϵmd
rivers rɪvʳz
requires rɩkwiʳz
warm wɔrm
concerning kʌnsʳnɪŋ
fucking fʌkɪŋ
scared skεrd
thousands θʊzʌndz
calculated kælkyʌlϵtɪd
head hεd
corruption kʳʌpʃʌn
directed dɪrεktɪd
sisters sɪstʳz
surely ʃɜrlɩ
calif kælɪf
billions bɪlyʌnz
collapse kʌlæps
rules rulz
stomach stʌmʌk
beef bɩf
wow wʊ
precious prεʃʌs
conference kɑnfʳʌns
functional fʌŋkʃʌnʌl
rule rul
stay stϵ
dynamic dinæmɪk
chose ʧoz
weak wɩk
consider kʌnsɪdʳ
limits lɪmɪts
acknowledge æknɑlɪj
overall ovʳɔl
serve sʳv
vegas vϵgʌs
increases ɪnkrɩsɪz
helen hεlʌn
images ɪmɪjɪz
oregon ɔrʌgʌn
beauty byutɩ
decisions dɪsɪʒʌnz
decades dεkϵdz
daily dϵlɩ
native nϵtɪv
obvious ɑbvɩʌs
express ɪksprεs
raised rϵzd
britain brɪtʌn
spell spεl
your yɔr
indicates ɪndɪkϵts
view vyu
comedy kɑmʌdɩ
compensation kɑmpʌnsϵʃʌn
hunt hʌnt
narrow næro
scored skɔrd
andrew ændru
contributed kʌntrɪbyutɪd
damn dæm
revealed rɪvɩld
is ɪz
headquarters hεdkɔrtʳz
doc dɑk
jobs jɑbz
conservation kɑnsʳvϵʃʌn
round rʊnd
yet yεt
december dɪsεmbʳ
videotape vɪdɩotϵp
growing groɪŋ
accessible æksεsʌbʌl
income ɪnkʌm
pattern pætʳn
commitment kʌmɪtmʌnt
substantial sʌbstænʃʌl
broader brɔdʳ
earth ʳθ
latter lætʳ
potentially pʌtεnʃʌlɩ
empty εmptɩ
developers dɪvεlʌpʳz
supra suprʌ
techniques tεknɩks
oxygen ɑksɪjʌn
abilities ʌbɪlʌtɩz
chair ʧεr
led lεd
protect prʌtεkt
requirements rɪkwirmʌnts
austin ɔstʌn
fault fɔlt
doctrine dɑktrʌn
accuracy ækyʳʌsɩ
sir sʳ
cream krɩm
studies stʌdɩz
veteran vεtʳʌn
manner mænʳ
clearly klɪrlɩ
matter mætʳ
name nϵm
dare dεr
nearly nɪrlɩ
genius jɩnyʌs
clinical klɪnɪkʌl
product prɑdʌkt
mac mæk
screen skrɩn
sudden sʌdʌn
protest protεst
historic hɪstɔrɪk
juice jus
dude dud
titles titʌlz
dust dʌst
better bεtʳ
factory fæktʳɩ
lady lϵdɩ
preparing prɩpεrɪŋ
rating rϵtɪŋ
rise riz
habits hæbʌts
settings sεtɪŋz
construction kʌnstrʌkʃʌn
simple sɪmpʌl
seeking sɩkɪŋ
branches brænʧɪz
frankly fræŋklɩ
guess gεs
executives ɪgzεkyʌtɪvz
founder fʊndʳ
maintained mϵntϵnd
advice ædvis
tonight tʌnit
buildings bɪldɪŋz
fitness fɪtnʌs
republican rɪpʌblɪkʌn
meetings mɩtɪŋz
associated ʌsoʃɩϵtɪd
cup kʌp
harder hɑrdʳ
french frεnʧ
currently kʳʌntlɩ
lovely lʌvlɩ
necessarily nεsʌsεrʌlɩ
jane jϵn
courses kɔrsɪz
inspired ɪnspiʳd
sad sæd
boom bum
faith fϵθ
college kɑlɪj
every εvrɩ
emergency ɪmʳjʌnsɩ
magazines mægʌzɩnz
rush rʌʃ
slipped slɪpt
extent ɪkstεnt
tend tεnd
authorities ʌθɔrʌtɩz
worn wɔrn
soft sɔft
shooting ʃutɪŋ
pays pϵz
addressed ʌdrεst
korea kɔrɩʌ
collins kɑlɪnz
members mεmbʳz
offered ɔfʳd
republic rɩpʌblɪk
built bɪlt
incident ɪnsʌdʌnt
maybe mϵbɩ
catch kæʧ
approached ʌproʧt
awful ɔfʌl
proper prɑpʳ
ken kεn
marshall mɑrʃʌl
sum sʌm
contrary kɑntrεrɩ
usual yuʒuʌl
angel ϵnjʌl
frequency frɩkwʌnsɩ
ghost gost
hearing hɩrɪŋ
life lif
suffering sʌfʳɪŋ
suspect sʌspεkt
lost lɔst
gets gεts
leader lɩdʳ
odd ɑd
replaced rɩplϵst
theoretical θɩʳεtɪkʌl
syria sɪrɩʌ
call kɔl
working wʳkɪŋ
progressive prʌgrεsɪv
family fæmʌlɩ
off ɔf
space spϵs
swimming swɪmɪŋ
arrest ʳεst
ministry mɪnɪstrɩ
goodness gɜdnɪs
un ʌn
early ʳlɩ
photos fotoz
wider widʳ
indeed ɪndɩd
saved sϵvd
borders bɔrdʳz
involves ɪnvɑlvz
actress æktrʌs
luck lʌk
germany jʳmʌnɩ
clothing kloϑɪŋ
mile mil
week wɩk
yard yɑrd
virus virʌs
regardless rʌgɑrdlʌs
ignored ɪgnɔrd
huge hyuj
values vælyuz
conduct kɑndʌkt
indiana ɪndɩænʌ
corporate kɔrpʳʌt
towns tʊnz
actors æktʳz
n εn
moral mɔrʌl
considerable kʌnsɪdʳʌbʌl
floor flɔr
depth dεpθ
ordered ɔrdʳd
artist ɑrtɪst
desert dεzʳt
rape rϵp
measures mεʒʳz
trips trɪps
george jɔrj
martha mɑrθʌ
hard hɑrd
hunter hʌntʳ
gene jɩn
museum myuzɩʌm
capacity kʌpæsɪtɩ
picks pɪks
pacific pʌsɪfɪk
trading trϵdɪŋ
uses yuzɪz
focused fokʌst
hardware hɑrdwεr
recommend rεkʌmεnd
herself hʳsεlf
students studʌnts
alcohol ælkʌhɑl
healing hɩlɪŋ
fire fiʳ
baltimore bɔltʌmɔr
breath brεθ
themes θɩmz
letters lεtʳz
apple æpʌl
option ɑpʃʌn
roll rol
agricultural ægrɪkʌlʧʳʌl
japan jʌpæn
parks pɑrks
exhibition εksʌbɪʃʌn
pope pop
session sεʃʌn
opponent ʌponʌnt
habit hæbʌt
benefit bεnʌfɪt
praise prϵz
task tæsk
popular pɑpyʌlʳ
about ʌbʊt
touching tʌʧɪŋ
east ɩst
grandmother grændmʌϑʳ
situation sɪʧuϵʃʌn
punishment pʌnɪʃmʌnt
hidden hɪdʌn
pile pil
g jɩ
emily εmɪlɩ
outcomes ʊtkʌmz
cbs sɩbɩεs
wallace wɔlɪs
network nεtwʳk
approved ʌpruvd
i i
suffered sʌfʳd
biggest bɪgʌst
silly sɪlɩ
persons pʳsʌnz
contact kɑntækt
sometimes sʌmtimz
stanford stænfʳd
accurate ækyʳʌt
saturday sætɪdϵ
implemented ɪmplʌmεntʌd
perfectly pʳfʌktlɩ
crossed krɔst
fires fiʳz
nowhere nowεr
draft dræft
garlic gɑrlɪk
participants pɑrtɪsʌpʌnts
increasingly ɪnkrɩsɪŋlɩ
reflects rɪflεkts
engagement εngϵjmʌnt
rose roz
six sɪks
parts pɑrts
sing sɪŋ
birth bʳθ
address ædrεs
school skul
response rɪspɑns
bright brit
a a
whenever wεnεvʳ
appeal ʌpɩl
higher hiʳ
successful sʌksεsfʌl
jay jϵ
texas tεksʌs
topics tɑpɪks
leaders lɩdʳz
few fyu
almost ɔlmost
well wεl
puts pɜts
an ʌn
judy judɩ
right rit
blacks blæks
whites wits
sign sin
road rod
relevant rεlʌvʌnt
flesh flεʃ
and ænd
series sɪrɩz
begin bɪgɪn
jan jæn
valuable vælyubʌl
chance ʧæns
showing ʃoɪŋ
pie pi
display dɪsplϵ
pictures pɪkʧʳz
exists ɪgzɪsts
nation nϵʃʌn
estimated εstʌmϵtɪd
listed lɪstɪd
celebrity sʌlεbrɪtɩ
beginning bɪgɪnɪŋ
managing mænʌjɪŋ
detail dɩtϵl
leaving lɩvɪŋ
defensive dɪfεnsɪv
racial rϵʃʌl
fallen fɑlʌn
exception ɪksεpʃʌn
behaviors bɪhϵvyʳz
rough rʌf
providing prʌvidɪŋ
song sɔŋ
dating dϵtɪŋ
free frɩ
fishing fɪʃɪŋ
galaxy gælʌksɩ
enhance εnhæns
linked lɪŋkt
lock lɑk
nearby nɪrbi
centers sεntʳz
processes prɑsεsʌz
accomplished ʌkɑmplɪʃt
howard hʊʳd
shop ʃɑp
sink sɪŋk
sorts sɔrts
tag tæg
attended ʌtεndɪd
variety vʳiʌtɩ
van væn
suggestions sʌjεsʧʌnz
wise wiz
soil sꭢl
pentagon pεntɪgɑn
airport εrpɔrt
acres ϵkʳz
fast fæst
thursday θʳzdϵ
wisconsin wɪskɑnsʌn
iron iʳn
some sʌm
arms ɑrmz
change ʧϵnj
checked ʧεkt
components kʌmponʌnts
audience ɔdɩʌns
threatening θrεtʌnɪŋ
vegetables vεjtʌbʌlz
freedom frɩdʌm
under ʌndʳ
century sεnʧʳɩ
educated εjyukϵtɪd
breaks brϵks
amy ϵmɩ
appearance ʌpɪrʌns
investment ɪnvεstmʌnt
day dϵ
organic ɔrgænɪk
breakfast brεkfʌst
concentration kɑnsʌntrϵʃʌn
smiled smild
sport spɔrt
steps stεps
treatment trɩtmʌnt
u yu
cool kul
wilson wɪlsʌn
president prεzʌdεnt
window wɪndo
exactly ɪgzæktlɩ
friends frεndz
happening hæpʌnɪŋ
adult ʌdʌlt
acts ækts
arguments ɑrgyʌmʌnts
direct dɪrεkt
michigan mɪʃɪgʌn
jamie jϵmɩ
assess ʌsεs
fashion fæʃʌn
kentucky kʌntʌkɩ
demonstrated dεmʌnstrϵtɪd
map mæp
quite kwit
dialogue diʌlɔg
diseases dɪzɩzɪz
drove drov
hopes hops
step stεp
christians krɪsʧɪnz
supporting sʌpɔrtɪŋ
jimmy jɪmɩ
regional rɩjʌnʌl
bring brɪŋ
japanese jæpʌnɩz
done dʌn
ranch rænʧ
ball bɔl
separate sεprʌt
hampshire hæmpʃʳ
forest fɔrɪst
luke luk
utah yutɔ
aunt ænt
concrete kɑnkrɩt
besides bɪsidz
former fɔrmʳ
photo foto
landing lændɪŋ
event ɪvεnt
tape tϵp
saudi sʊdɩ
choice ʧꭢs
orientation ɔrɩεntϵʃʌn
describes dɪskribz
causes kɔzɪz
timing timɪŋ
peace pɩs
poetry poʌtrɩ
iraqi ɪrækɩ
bias biʌs
dark dɑrk
funds fʌndz
shower ʃʊʳ
too tu
until ʌntɪl
larger lɑrjʳ
situations sɪʧuϵʃʌnz
mccain mʌkϵn
moscow mɔskʊ
regions rɩjʌnz
light lit
pitch pɪʧ
bread brεd
grow gro
romantic romæntɪk
bits bɪts
products prɑdʌkts
analyses ʌnælʌsɩz
affordable ʌfɔrdʌbʌl
urban ʳbʌn
bloody blʌdɩ
moments momʌnts
shopping ʃɑpɪŋ
palestinian pælɪstɪnɩʌn
barbara bɑrbrʌ
recording rɪkɔrdɪŋ
suggesting sʌjεstɪŋ
dishes dɪʃɪz
debate dʌbϵt
horse hɔrs
bottle bɑtʌl
kids kɪdz
burns bʳnz
fish fɪʃ
quickly kwɪklɩ
continued kʌntɪnyud
clue klu
blocks blɑks
henry hεnrɩ
educators εjyukϵtʳz
information ɪnfʳmϵʃʌn
novel nɑvʌl
peter pɩtʳ
foreign fɔrʌn
ordinary ɔrdʌnεrɩ
amount ʌmʊnt
from frʌm
commander kʌmændʳ
global globʌl
staying stϵɪŋ
indicate ɪndʌkϵt
ensure εnʃɜr
glad glæd
pulling pɜlɪŋ
struck strʌk
version vʳʒʌn
girl gʳl
amounts ʌmʊnts
blew blu
supreme sʌprɩm
attending ʌtεndɪŋ
cops kɑps
crucial kruʃʌl
represents rεprɪzεnts
developments dɪvεlʌpmʌnts
unless ʌnlεs
conflict kɑnflɪkt
turning tʳnɪŋ
entertainment εntʳtϵnmʌnt
testing tεstɪŋ
judges jʌjɪz
alert ʌlʳt
pants pænts
bullshit bɜlʃɪt
continue kʌntɪnyu
fix fɪks
creative krɩϵtɪv
stupid stupɪd
debt dεt
worthy wʳϑɩ
column kɑlʌm
fell fεl
styles stilz
commission kʌmɪʃʌn
attempted ʌtεmptɪd
punch pʌnʧ
joseph josʌf
globe glob
gulf gʌlf
insane ɪnsϵn
asks æsks
picked pɪkt
five fiv
cousin kʌzʌn
require rɪkwiʳ
out ʊt
portion pɔrʃʌn
relationships rɩlϵʃʌnʃɪps
charged ʧɑrjd
issues ɪʃuz
statistics stʌtɪstɪks
sounds sʊndz
tells tεlz
woke wok
chairs ʧεrz
trial triʌl
online ɔnlin
photographs fotʌgræfs
unlikely ʌnliklɩ
coat kot
group grup
trust trʌst
unions yunyʌnz
dancing dænsɪŋ
blog blɔg
breathe brɩϑ
occasion ʌkϵʒʌn
wide wid
francisco frænsɪsko
saint sϵnt
effectively ɪfεktɪvlɩ
degree dɪgrɩ
vision vɪʒʌn
related rɪlϵtɪd
knees nɩz
appointment ʌpꭢntmʌnt
steven stɩvʌn
constantly kɑnstʌntlɩ
bringing brɪŋɪŋ
rooms rumz
employment εmplꭢmʌnt
services sʳvɪsɪz
careful kεrfʌl
explore ɪksplɔr
master mæstʳ
conflicts kɑnflɪkts
muslims mʌzlɪmz
visitors vɪzɪtʳz
context kɑntεkst
recovery rɪkʌvʳɩ
honey hʌnɩ
ha hɑ
jews juz
anybody εnɩbʌdɩ
alongside ʌlɔŋsid
indian ɪndɩʌn
set sεt
defense dɪfεns
rest rεst
jesus jɩzʌs
artists ɑrtɪsts
exhibit ɪgzɪbɪt
facility fʌsɪlɪtɩ
golf gɑlf
essentially εsεnʃʌlɩ
stadium stϵdɩʌm
error εrʳ
reverse rɪvʳs
remote rɪmot
academy ʌkædʌmɩ
video vɪdɩo
port pɔrt
required rɩkwiʳd
conventional kʌnvεnʃʌnʌl
support sʌpɔrt
treat trɩt
while wil
price pris
eat ɩt
ban bæn
greater grϵtʳ
practical præktɪkʌl
beautiful byutʌfʌl
mental mεntʌl
officially ʌfɪʃʌlɩ
formation fɔrmϵʃʌn
injury ɪnjʳɩ
modest mɑdʌst
blind blind
rally rælɩ
wishes wɪʃɪz
paper pϵpʳ
prisoners prɪzʌnʳz
magazine mægʌzɩn
suggest sʌjεst
oct ɔkt
gives gɪvz
carbon kɑrbʌn
drama drɑmʌ
percent pʳsεnt
http ϵʧtɩtɩpɩ
risk rɪsk
duke duk
explained ɪksplϵnd
faculty fækʌltɩ
washington wɑʃɪŋtʌn
snow sno
efforts εfʳts
naked nϵkʌd
university yunʌvʳsʌtɩ
taking tϵkɪŋ
colonel kʳnʌl
major mϵjʳ
previously prɩvɩʌslɩ
board bɔrd
catholic kæθlɪk
depression dɪprεʃʌn
email ɩmϵl
shed ʃεd
signs sinz
twice twis
churches ʧʳʧɪz
recognized rεkʌgnizd
feature fɩʧʳ
kiss kɪs
wing wɪŋ
never nεvʳ
forces fɔrsɪz
involving ɪnvɑlvɪŋ
pleasure plεʒʳ
size siz
flood flʌd
impressive ɪmprεsɪv
eastern ɩstʳn
imagine ɪmæjʌn
telephone tεlʌfon
creek krɩk
million mɪlyʌn
realistic rɩʌlɪstɪk
dr dɑktʳ
studying stʌdɩɪŋ
thank θæŋk
religious rɪlɪjʌs
handle hændʌl
picture pɪkʧʳ
skin skɪn
was wʌz
salary sælʳɩ
natural næʧʳʌl
believed bɪlɩvd
scene sɩn
applied ʌplid
screaming skrɩmɪŋ
cars kɑrz
carol kærʌl
chips ʧɪps
christianity krɪsʧɩænɪtɩ
wayne wϵn
egg εg
begins bɪgɪnz
windows wɪndoz
carries kærɩz
child ʧild
offer ɔfʳ
heroes hɩroz
chest ʧεst
counts kʊnts
late lϵt
india ɪndɩʌ
loans lonz
gentlemen jεntʌlmɪn
whoa woʌ
pray prϵ
seconds sεkʌndz
solid sɑlʌd
trying triɪŋ
dress drεs
eggs εgz
park pɑrk
americans ʌmεrɪkʌnz
subject sʌbjεkt
cats kæts
reported rɪpɔrtɪd
bit bɪt
featured fɩʧʳd
parliament pɑrlʌmʌnt
reflected rɪflεktɪd
ideas idɩʌz
tail tϵl
collective kʌlεktɪv
etc εtsεtʳʌ
index ɪndεks
mainly mϵnlɩ
square skwεr
kong kɑŋ
clear klɪr
bone bon
wrap ræp
implement ɪmplʌmʌnt
consistently kʌnsɪstʌntlɩ
being bɩɪŋ
staring stεrɪŋ
ray rϵ
hanging hæŋɪŋ
open opʌn
powers pʊʳz
study stʌdɩ
grant grænt
remembered rɪmεmbʳd
june jun
efficiency ɪfɪʃʌnsɩ
pounds pʊndz
green grɩn
expense ɪkspεns
making mϵkɪŋ
buck bʌk
cancer kænsʳ
minimum mɪnʌmʌm
four fɔr
friend frεnd
hotel hotεl
log lɔg
loss lɔs
refugees rεfyujɩz
studio studɩo
achieve ʌʧɩv
duty dutɩ
establishment ɪstæblɪʃmʌnt
leads lɩdz
alliance ʌliʌns
appeared ʌpɪrd
billy bɪlɩ
jason jϵsʌn
operating ɑpʳϵtɪŋ
how hʊ
make mϵk
organizations ɔrgʌnʌzϵʃʌnz
respectively rɪspεktɪvlɩ
wall wɔl
choices ʧꭢsɪz
fifty fɪftɩ
great grϵt
plays plϵz
days dϵz
deny dɪni
special spεʃʌl
engine εnjʌn
discovered dɪskʌvʳd
multiple mʌltʌpʌl
comprehensive kɑmprɩhεnsɪv
gaze gϵz
spanish spænɪʃ
examples ɪgzæmpʌlz
lies liz
orleans ɔrlɩnz
trauma trɔmʌ
visual vɪʒʌwʌl
core kɔr
signals sɪgnʌlz
talk tɔk
auto ɔto
evil ɩvʌl
mood mud
bridge brɪj
editor εdɪtʳ
behalf bɪhæf
material mʌtɪrɩʌl
elected ɪlεktɪd
hurricane hʳʌkϵn
landed lændɪd
campbell kæmbʌl
economics εkʌnɑmɪks
album ælbʌm
public pʌblɪk
consequences kɑnsʌkwεnsʌz
anything εnɩθɪŋ
than ϑæn
jackson jæksʌn
makeup mϵkʌp
especially ʌspεʃʌlɩ
patrick pætrɪk
lots lɑts
deaths dεθs
please plɩz
conclusions kʌnkluʒʌnz
films fɪlmz
goddamn gɑddæm
expenses ɪkspεnsɪz
bird bʳd
existed ɪgzɪstʌd
hole hol
proved pruvd
race rϵs
overwhelming ovʳwεlmɪŋ
wo wo
changing ʧϵnjɪŋ
now nʊ
phil fɪl
terrorism tεrʳɪzʌm
joins jꭢnz
wondering wʌndʳɪŋ
stage stϵj
author ɔθʳ
ooh u
hungry hʌŋgrɩ
weapon wεpʌn
collected kʌlεktʌd
instance ɪnstʌns
main mϵn
mitt mɪt
tone ton
seek sɩk
broad brɔd
since sɪns
believes bɪlɩvz
boundaries bʊndrɩz
circle sʳkʌl
sports spɔrts
languages læŋgwɪjɪz
afford ʌfɔrd
matthew mæθyu
normal nɔrmʌl
pink pɪŋk
send sεnd
virtual vʳʧuʌl
collaboration kʌlæbʳϵʃʌn
complex kɑmplεks
okay okϵ
grass græs
overnight ovʳnit
disappointed dɪsʌpꭢntɪd
publishing pʌblɪʃɪŋ
robinson rɑbʌnsʌn
wound wund
giants jiʌnts
humans hyumʌnz
fancy fænsɩ
physics fɪzɪks
devil dεvʌl
play plϵ
loving lʌvɪŋ
trash træʃ
comfort kʌmfʳt
earn ʳn
offers ɔfʳz
representatives rεprɪzεntʌtɪvz
closely kloslɩ
adequate ædʌkwʌt
dogs dɔgz
bad bæd
collection kʌlεkʃʌn
wisdom wɪzdʌm
houses hʊzɪz
avoid ʌvꭢd
matt mæt
looking lɜkɪŋ
specifically spʌsɪfɪklɩ
crossing krɔsɪŋ
intervention ɪntʳvεnʃʌn
things θɪŋz
exciting ɪksitɪŋ
hispanic hɪspænɪk
revenue rεvʌnyu
angle æŋgʌl
cells sεlz
mission mɪʃʌn
edward εdwʳd
nbc εnbɩsɩ
destroy dɪstrꭢ
harry hεrɩ
voice vꭢs
setting sεtɪŋ
technological tεknʌlɑjɪkʌl
joint jꭢnt
nuclear nuklɩʳ
expecting ɪkspεktɪŋ
interpretation ɪntʳprɪtϵʃʌn
mentioned mεnʃʌnd
apartment ʌpɑrtmʌnt
nervous nʳvʌs
signature sɪgnʌʧʳ
steal stɩl
gate gϵt
effort εfʳt
maintenance mϵntʌnʌns
label lϵbʌl
blue blu
attractive ʌtræktɪv
phenomenon fʌnɑmʌnɑn
refers rɪfʳz
grocery grosʳɩ
fool ful
cliff klɪf
legend lεjʌnd
millions mɪlyʌnz
systems sɪstʌmz
firm fʳm
laughs læfs
level lεvʌl
jerusalem jʳusʌlʌm
split splɪt
fixed fɪkst
summary sʌmʳɩ
worried wʳɩd
tommy tɑmɩ
lawsuit lɔsut
figures fɪgyʳz
breast brεst
came kϵm
selected sʌlεktɪd
computer kʌmpyutʳ
raw rɑ
argues ɑrgyuz
interesting ɪntʳɪstɪŋ
ed εd
improve ɪmpruv
strongly strɔŋlɩ
restaurant rεstʳɑnt
stared stεrd
wright rit
assault ʌsɔlt
adams ædʌmz
bodies bɑdɩz
mention mεnʃʌn
adoption ʌdɑpʃʌn
neighborhoods nϵbʳhɜdz
sighs siz
shall ʃæl
tissue tɪʃu
pass pæs
sets sεts
spokesman spoksmʌn
standards stændʳdz
grades grϵdz
solutions sʌluʃʌnz
swing swɪŋ
guns gʌnz
welcome wεlkʌm
kick kɪk
more mɔr
hands hændz
control kʌntrol
carolina kεrʌlinʌ
has hæz
egypt ɩjɪpt
decade dεkϵd
areas εrɩʌz
sitting sɪtɪŋ
assembly ʌsεmblɩ
suspected sʌspεktɪd
proud prʊd
lewis luɪs
mouse mʊs
date dϵt
get gεt
drag dræg
insisted ɪnsɪstɪd
introduce ɪntrodus
martin mɑrtɪn
eddie εdɩ
fort fɔrt
glanced glænst
release rɩlɩs
decision dɪsɪʒʌn
cross krɔs
objects ɑbjεkts
diane diæn
gun gʌn
rich rɪʧ
husband hʌzbʌnd
rocks rɑks
web wεb
weeks wɩks
community kʌmyunɪtɩ
hundred hʌndrɪd
jacket jækɪt
schools skulz
observations ɑbzʳvϵʃʌnz
enable εnϵbʌl
closing klozɪŋ
arrival ʳivʌl
terror tεrʳ
x εks
promoting prʌmotɪŋ
brad bræd
sort sɔrt
continuing kʌntɪnyuɪŋ
italy ɪtʌlɩ
policy pɑlʌsɩ
presentation prεzʌntϵʃʌn
access æksεs
wolf wɜlf
are ɑr
responding rɪspɑndɪŋ
mountain mʊntʌn
dumb dʌm
dan dæn
turned tʳnd
ranks ræŋks
amber æmbʳ
facebook fϵsbɜk
regulatory rεgyʌlʌtɔrɩ
eligible εlɪjʌbʌl
thompson tɑmpsʌn
promised prɑmʌst
hell hεl
agencies ϵjʌnsɩz
huh hʌ
margaret mɑrgrɪt
california kælʌfɔrnyʌ
compelling kʌmpεlɪŋ
teaspoon tɩspun
partnership pɑrtnʳʃɪp
quiet kwiʌt
installed ɪnstɔld
williams wɪlyʌmz
amazon æmʌzɑn
afternoon æftʳnun
louisiana luɩzɩænʌ
shots ʃɑts
maria mʳɩʌ
become bɪkʌm
losing luzɪŋ
management mænɪjmʌnt
idea idɩʌ
style stil
full fɜl
year yɪr
path pæθ
solution sʌluʃʌn
stones stonz
secure sɪkyɜr
fight fit
responsible rɩspɑnsʌbʌl
larry lεrɩ
hussein husϵn
trick trɪk
conversation kɑnvʳsϵʃʌn
orange ɔrɪnj
edge εj
calm kɑm
decide dɪsid
kidding kɪdɪŋ
engaging εngϵjɪŋ
extensive ɪkstεnsɪv
education εjyukϵʃʌn
fame fϵm
appeals ʌpɩlz
machine mʌʃɩn
papers pϵpʳz
teach tɩʧ
trained trϵnd
walking wɔkɪŋ
as æz
yesterday yεstʳdϵ
angels ϵnjʌlz
victims vɪktɪmz
made mϵd
pages pϵjɪz
friendly frεndlɩ
nick nɪk
function fʌŋkʃʌn
cabin kæbʌn
comes kʌmz
dc dɩsɩ
pure pyɜr
universal yunʌvʳsʌl
element εlʌmʌnt
johnny jɑnɩ
row ro
rely rɪli
roles rolz
mary mεrɩ
directions dʳεkʃʌnz
customers kʌstʌmʳz
fit fɪt
gift gɪft
across ʌkrɔs
handled hændʌld
stock stɑk
rarely rεrlɩ
held hεld
palestinians pælɪstɪnɩʌnz
basis bϵsɪs
tests tεsts
own on
weird wɪrd
enjoy εnjꭢ
basketball bæskʌtbɔl
reduce rɪdus
comments kɑmεnts
chicken ʧɪkʌn
georgia jɔrjʌ
grab græb
marijuana mεrʌwɑnʌ
stocks stɑks
produced prʌdust
dirty dʳtɩ
methods mεθʌdz
kennedy kεnʌdɩ
relate rɪlϵt
newly nulɩ
principles prɪnsʌpʌlz
connect kʌnεkt
liquid lɪkwɪd
clean klɩn
meeting mɩtɪŋ
replacement rɪplϵsmʌnt
productive prʌdʌktɪv
second sεkʌnd
prices prisɪz
johnson jɑnsʌn
either ɩϑʳ
dreams drɩmz
frustration frʌstrϵʃʌn
separated sεpʳϵtɪd
disney dɪznɩ
doors dɔrz
roof ruf
measured mεʒʳd
entire ɪntiʳ
reasonable rɩzʌnʌbʌl
chairman ʧεrmʌn
challenges ʧælʌnjɪz
recommended rεkʌmεndɪd
conversations kɑnvʳsϵʃʌnz
monday mʌndϵ
administrators ædmɪnɪstrϵtʳz
rolled rold
seven sεvʌn
specific spɪsɪfɪk
bureau byɜro
come kʌm
occurred ʌkʳd
shake ʃϵk
reply rɪpli
training trϵnɪŋ
possession pʌzεʃʌn
adopted ʌdɑptɪd
oldest oldʌst
car kɑr
walls wɔlz
shoot ʃut
nodded nɑdɪd
changes ʧϵnjɪz
intense ɪntεns
nice nis
danny dænɩ
bunch bʌnʧ
bucks bʌks
networks nεtwʳks
alan ælʌn
tested tεstɪd
bacteria bæktɪrɩʌ
visited vɪzɪtɪd
welfare wεlfεr
voting votɪŋ
personally pʳsʌnʌlɩ
method mεθʌd
quality kwɑlʌtɩ
concerned kʌnsʳnd
panic pænɪk
root rut
riding ridɪŋ
silver sɪlvʳ
chief ʧɩf
crew kru
resources rɩsɔrsɪz
dealing dɩlɪŋ
onto ɑntu
achieved ʌʧɩvd
gifts gɪfts
scenario sɪnεrɩo
force fɔrs
ad æd
ask æsk
bedroom bεdrum
peers pɪrz
sanctions sæŋkʃʌnz
grounds grʊndz
security sɪkyɜrʌtɩ
suggests sʌjεsts
crazy krϵzɩ
helpful hεlpfʌl
bow bʊ
book bɜk
using yuzɪŋ
cognitive kɑgnɪtɪv
pat pæt
soul sol
newspaper nuzpϵpʳ
expert εkspʳt
effective ɪfεktɪv
salt sɔlt
district dɪstrɪkt
steve stɩv
ben bεn
you yu
act ækt
battery bætʳɩ
compare kʌmpεr
dallas dælʌs
invasion ɪnvϵʒʌn
bet bεt
mike mik
ground grʊnd
cop kɑp
elderly εldʳlɩ
march mɑrʧ
plus plʌs
post post
ears ɩrz
then ϑεn
prove pruv
worth wʳθ
hair hεr
waiting wϵtɪŋ
highly hilɩ
fifteen fɪftɩn
current kʳʌnt
baseball bϵsbɔl
mg εmgɩ
significance sɪgnɪfɪkʌns
charge ʧɑrj
jefferson jεfʳsʌn
europe yɜrʌp
operations ɑpʳϵʃʌnz
success sʌksεs
william wɪlyʌm
domestic dʌmεstɪk
always ɔlwϵz
fraud frɔd
ocean oʃʌn
none nʌn
pc pɩsɩ
proof pruf
africa æfrɪkʌ
reputation rεpyʌtϵʃʌn
horizon hʳizʌn
remains rɪmϵnz
privacy privʌsɩ
alien ϵlɩʌn
power pʊʳ
bought bɔt
combine kʌmbin
sweat swεt
when wεn
mystery mɪstʳɩ
clouds klʊdz
bear bεr
speech spɩʧ
scary skεrɩ
ends εndz
singer sɪŋʳ
little lɪtʌl
payments pϵmʌnts
preferred prɪfʳd
david dϵvɪd
short ʃɔrt
biology biɑlʌjɩ
greek grɩk
ski skɩ
included ɪnkludɪd
honestly ɑnʌstlɩ
targets tɑrgʌts
miles milz
pair pεr
israeli ɪzrϵlɩ
originally ʳɪjʌnʌlɩ
stations stϵʃʌnz
hours ʊʳz
perry pεrɩ
approximately ʌprɑksʌmʌtlɩ
sophisticated sʌfɪstʌkϵtɪd
brain brϵn
along ʌlɔŋ
worked wʳkt
white wit
cover kʌvʳ
report rɪpɔrt
disagree dɪsʌgrɩ
purchase pʳʧʌs
extreme εkstrɩm
rachel rϵʧʌl
participate pɑrtɪsʌpϵt
mechanism mεkʌnɪzʌm
night nit
stake stϵk
fathers fɑϑʳz
jacob jϵkʌb
critical krɪtɪkʌl
actually ækʃʌlɩ
we wɩ
during dɜrɪŋ
commonly kɑmʌnlɩ
burden bʳdʌn
cards kɑrdz
addressing ʌdrεsɪŋ
heat hɩt
rejected rɪjεktɪd
atlantic ʌtlæntɪk
coaches koʧɪz
latest lϵtʌst
phase fϵz
regulations rεgyʌlϵʃʌnz
imagined ɪmæjʌnd
channel ʧænʌl
opens opʌnz
musical myuzɪkʌl
suits suts
aside ʌsid
priority priɔrʌtɩ
yellow yεlo
wan wɑn
rain rϵn
monthly mʌnθlɩ
ai ϵi
beer bɪr
percentage pʳsεntɪj
times timz
uniform yunʌfɔrm
presidents prεzʌdεnts
existence εgzɪstʌns
craft kræft
ease ɩz
near nɪr
knee nɩ
piece pɩs
stephen stɩvʌn
highway hiwϵ
kelly kεlɩ
effect ɩfεkt
immigrants ɪmʌgrʌnts
talked tɔkt
estimate εstʌmʌt
packed pækt
wild wild
temple tεmpʌl
lit lɪt
film fɪlm
anniversary ænʌvʳsʳɩ
ethnic εθnɪk
slow slo
ultimate ʌltʌmʌt
violence viʌlʌns
bike bik
aware ʌwεr
distant dɪstʌnt
immigration ɪmʌgrϵʃʌn
interest ɪntʳɪst
busy bɪzɩ
room rum
entrance εntrʌns
meat mɩt
blame blϵm
forgive fɔrgɪv
nato nϵto
powerful pʊʳfʌl
efficient ɪfɪʃʌnt
suit sut
supporters sʌpɔrtʳz
winter wɪntʳ
responsibilities rɩspɑnsʌbɪlʌtɩz
her hʳ
missed mɪst
winner wɪnʳ
infection ɪnfεkʃʌn
cell sεl
legal lɩgʌl
chopped ʧɑpt
designed dɪzind
guests gεsts
repeated rɪpɩtɪd
identification idεntʌfʌkϵʃʌn
soviet sovɩεt
desire dɪziʳ
cap kæp
nose noz
reduction rʌdʌkʃʌn
custody kʌstʌdɩ
fellow fεlo
score skɔr
e ɩ
cycle sikʌl
missouri mʌzɜrɩ
mine min
learning lʳnɪŋ
stroke strok
announced ʌnʊnst
widespread widsprεd
wrong rɔŋ
spot spɑt
princess prɪnsεs
shoes ʃuz
company kʌmpʌnɩ
moves muvz
lane lϵn
negative nεgʌtɪv
several sεvrʌl
normally nɔrmʌlɩ
copies kɑpɩz
origin ɔrʌjʌn
preparation prεpʳϵʃʌn
sense sεns
spain spϵn
tries triz
older oldʳ
here hɩr
provided prʌvidɪd
represented rεprɪzεntɪd
colors kʌlʳz
stood stɜd
represent rεprɪzεnt
owned ond
funny fʌnɩ
active æktɪv
eating ɩtɪŋ
genuine jεnyuwin
santa sæntʌ
communist kɑmyʌnʌst
even ɩvɪn
involved ɪnvɑlvd
wearing wεrɪŋ
host host
identity idεntɪtɩ
f εf
garage gʳɑʒ
hired hiʳd
dramatically drʌmætɪklɩ
colorado kɑlʳɑdo
physician fʌzɪʃʌn
stands stændz
technology tεknɑlʌjɩ
operation ɑpʳϵʃʌn
gods gɑdz
north nɔrθ
smiles smilz
tension tεnʃʌn
ultimately ʌltʌmʌtlɩ
unfortunately ʌnfɔrʧʌnʌtlɩ
characteristics kεrʌktʳɪstɪks
identified idεntʌfid
category kætʌgɔrɩ
lines linz
possibilities pɑsʌbɪlʌtɩz
quarter kwɔrtʳ
perfect pʳfɪkt
layer lϵʳ
historical hɪstɔrɪkʌl
spots spɑts
illness ɪlnʌs
planning plænɪŋ
gym jɪm
additional ʌdɪʃʌnʌl
wanted wɔntɪd
e-mail ɩmϵl
liberal lɪbʳʌl
morris mɔrɪs
actions ækʃʌnz
third θʳd
seem sɩm
smart smɑrt
follow fɑlo
michelle mɪʃεl
disorder dɪsɔrdʳ
knows noz
box bɑks
eliminate ɪlɪmʌnϵt
cotton kɑtʌn
easy ɩzɩ
temperatures tεmpʳʌʧʳz
summit sʌmɪt
intelligence ɪntεlʌjʌns
recipe rεsʌpɩ
confidence kɑnfʌdʌns
racing rϵsɪŋ
handful hændfɜl
shares ʃεrz
reagan rϵgʌn
star stɑr
weather wεϑʳ
communications kʌmyunʌkϵʃʌnz
concept kɑnsεpt
celebrate sεlʌbrϵt
massive mæsɪv
tv tɩvɩ
missing mɪsɪŋ
olive ɑlɪv
contrast kɑntræst
generation jεnʳϵʃʌn
attitudes ætʌtudz
closer klosʳ
experiments ɪkspεrʌmʌnts
manager mænʌjʳ
essay εsϵ
hong hɔŋ
feels fɩlz
load lod
performances pʳfɔrmʌnsɪz
gospel gɑspʌl
private privʌt
bible bibʌl
reporters rɪpɔrtʳz
wash wɑʃ
enter εntʳ
gm jɩεm
isolated isʌlϵtɪd
recalled rɪkɔld
cook kɜk
addition ʌdɪʃʌn
increase ɪnkrɩs
shit ʃɪt
brothers brʌϑʳz
throwing θroɪŋ
festival fεstɪvʌl
obviously ɑbvɩʌslɩ
racist rϵsɪst
rep rεp
prevent prɩvεnt
banking bæŋkɪŋ
advanced ʌdvænst
scope skop
paris pærɪs
results rɪzʌlts
bags bægz
anthony ænθʌnɩ
low lo
survive sʳviv
foundation fʊndϵʃʌn
machines mʌʃɩnz
banks bæŋks
tale tϵl
stops stɑps
approaching ʌproʧɪŋ
commercial kʌmʳʃʌl
york yɔrk
de dɩ
brought brɔt
loud lʊd
issue ɪʃu
technical tεknɪkʌl
teeth tɩθ
helped hεlpt
exposure ɪkspoʒʳ
join jꭢn
stayed stϵd
parties pɑrtɩz
file fil
resist rɪzɪst
variable vεrɩʌbʌl
at æt
participating pɑrtɪsʌpϵtɪŋ
meant mεnt
activity æktɪvɪtɩ
frame frϵm
